
Everyone in the room froze, especially Lux.
He was one of the strongest people in the room, yet he had not sensed the Half-Orc's presence until the other party spoke.
In fact, he didn't even know how the Half-Orc got there in the first place. All he knew was that they were in a very tricky situation, and one wrong move could make the entire Blackrock Clan instantly turn hostile towards them.
If that were to happen, the chances of them being able to leave the Stronghold safely would be extremely difficult.
"And you are?" Cethus did his best to remain calm, but deep inside, he was feeling quite anxious.
Now that he and the rest of the people had taken a good look at the Half-Orc, who was crouched down beside Dragon Born, they immediately knew that the uninvited guest was someone stronger than them.
 'Deimos-Ranked Alpha Monster,' Lux's face became grim as soon as his Soul Book identified the Rank of the Half-Orc whose devilish smile remained on his face.
"My name?" The Half-Orc smirked. "I go by the name Flamma. Now, where was I? Oh, yeah…"
The Half-Orc rested his hand over Cethus' shoulder and held it in a vice grip. "You must have a death wish, yes?"
The Dragon Born didn't answer right away. Instead, he gave a very awkward chuckle before giving his reply.
"I-It was just a joke," Cethus stuttered. "Everyone is feeling depressed, so I just thought of making it more lively."
"HA. HA. HA," Flamma said in a voice filled with sarcasm. "Very funny. This is the second time I've seen a Dragon Born, and you are just as stupid as him."
"Y-You've seen one of our kind before?"
"Yes."
"Where is he now?"
"Dead."
This time, it was Flamma's turn to chuckle, and his chuckle made everyone inside the room shudder.
After the Half-Orc finished laughing, he gave everyone a smile and said.
"What are you guys looking at? I was just joking."
Although Flamma said he was joking, no one inside the room believed him because of the look of ridicule in his eyes.
"Your Excellency, I apologize on behalf of my party members," Lux said. "His mother accidentally dropped him when he was still an egg, so his brain has been a bit damaged since he was born."
"Oh?" Flamma smirked. "Such a thing happened? Unfortunately, being stupid is not an excuse. Now, I ask all of you here, do you want me to spread this news to everyone, or should I keep it to myself?"
Everyone glanced at Lux, including Cethus, who was still being held by the Half-Orc.
Although the Half-Orc was young, he was already a Deimos-Ranked Alpha Monster.
Of course, Flamma wasn't as strong as the Crimson Berserker Mantis that ALL-MITE had fought in the Shaufell Plains.
In fact, Lux was confident that he could beat him as long as he fought Flamma with his Undead Army. However, being able to beat him wasn't the real problem.
They were inside the Capital City of the Orcs, and if a fight broke out, they would immediately find themselves surrounded by Flamma's Clansmen.
The red-headed teenager didn't need to be a genius to know how he was going to answer Flamma's question.
"How can we keep this amongst ourselves, Your Excellency?" Lux inquired.
"Hmm, you're smart," Flamma gave Lux a gaze of approval. "I hate smart people."
The corner of Grandma Annie's lips twitched because she understood that the Half-Orc was simply toying with them.
Although Flamma looked like someone that could easily be reasoned with, the scheming gaze the Half-Orc used to look at them made her want to slap him with her slipper so badly.
However, before Grandma Annie could entertain these thoughts, Lux posed a question that made the Half-Orc chuckle.
"How about we settle this with a friendly spar?" Lux inquired. "I and Cethus will fight you one at a time. If either of us wins, you will pretend that you didn't hear any of our discussion. Do we have a deal?"
"Hahaha! This is a very Orcish way of settling things," Flamma chuckled. "Very well, I agree. You two will become my warmup before the war starts."ραпdα `nᴏνɐ| сom
Without even waiting for Lux's reply, the Half-Orc stood up and dragged Cethus out of the room with an excited expression on his face.
His parents forbade him to join the war, and he was feeling very rebellious about it. Because of this, when he heard that there were some interesting guests that had appeared in their stronghold, he immediately went to look for them.
It was at that moment when he heard their discussion, and it enraged him when he learned that they were planning to steal their Twin Flames from right under their noses.
Fortunately, Lux rejected the idea, which reduced Flamma's anger. Even so, he wasn't too happy with the Dragon Born, who kept insisting that their group steal the Twin Flames while Flamma's entire Clan was busy preparing to fight for the Wanid Kingdom.
"Don't worry, Dragon Born," Flamma said as he dragged the helpless Cethus with him. "I'll only clobber you till you're half-dead. After that, your leader will be next."
Cethus could only grit his teeth as he endured the humiliation of being dragged away by the young Half-Orc, who was smaller than him by a head.
Lux and the others quickly followed behind Cethus and Flamma because they couldn't possibly leave their party member alone.
While this was happening, a high-level meeting was happening inside the throne room of the Stronghold.
Barca and the Four Orc Warlords knelt in front of a throne made of Monster Bones. They were paying their respect to the Orc Chieftain, who had gathered all of them in preparation for the War against the Haca Dynasty.
"According to my estimate, It will take their army at least five days to reach the outskirts of Lor Dhuga," Mogazar, the Orc Warlord who specialized in long-distance warfare reported. "Our scouts didn't see anything unusual about their army, but I have a feeling that they are more prepared than they were thirty years ago."
Half a minute of silence descended inside the throne room before the Orc Chieftain gave her reply.
"It is only natural to feel that way," the Orc Chieftain replied. "Humans may be weaker than us, but they are very cunning. I'm sure that they have prepared a surprise or two for us, but it doesn't matter."
The Half-Orc Lady lightly tapped the armrest of the throne with her left hand, while she rested the side of her face on her right hand.
"As always, we will go to war using every means necessary to win," the Orc Chieftain stated. "Do not expect help from the other Pillars because all of you know that they are eyeing our Twin Flames. I'm sure that they will offer their assistance if we allow them to harness its power as well."
Barca and the Orc Warlords nodded in agreement.
For them, the Twin Flames were both a blessing and a curse. Everyone wanted to have them, but only a few could actually possess them.
Because of this, tensions between the other Pillars were at an all-time high because the Blackrock Clan was very protective of one of their Clan's treasures.
"Baronar, I saw earlier that you brought outsiders to our city," the Orc Chieftain said as she shifted her gaze towards the Great Orc Shaman. "You must have a good reason for bringing them here, right?"
Baronar had a conflicted look on his face after she looked at him with a steady gaze.
"Just like everyone else, they came here for the Twin Flames," Baronar replied.
He had no intention of hiding Lux's reason for coming to the Orc Capital, so he might as well let everyone know so that they would not become too suspicious of the Half-Elf who shared a spiritual connection with them.
"Hah… they never learn," the Orc Chieftain sighed. "They aren't the first, nor will they be the last, to ask for the Twin Flames, but our answer will never change. If they can't follow our rul–"
Before the Orc Chieftain could finish what she was going to say, a Raven flew inside the throne room through the window and landed beside the armrest of the throne.
"Flamma is asking for permission to use the Arena," the Raven stated. "It seems that he has decided to spar with the newcomers."
The Orc Chieftain's lips curled up into a smirk after hearing the Raven's report.
"Barca, I swear that he inherited his hot-headedness from you," the Orc Chieftain said softly.
Barca shook his head firmly before giving his reply. "Everyone here knows that he inherited that trait from you. You've spoiled him too much."
The Half-Orc Lady giggled before lightly patting the Raven's head with her finger.
"Give him permission to use the arena," the Orc Chieftain ordered. "He's being rebellious because he was not allowed to join this war. Also, I'd like to know why you brought them here, Baronar.
"I'm sure that you of all people would not bring anyone who covets the Twin Flames to our capital city. There must be more to this than meets the eye."
Baronar didn't reply and only smiled. However, deep inside he was cursing Lux.
'I told you to behave, didn't I?' Baronar sighed in his heart. 'Just what did you do in order to rile up that battle junkie? This is not going to end well.'
The Great Orc Shaman knew how strong Flamma was. Although he had a good opinion of Lux, he didn't believe that the Half-Elf was capable of defeating the Half-Orc, who was going to be the next leader of the Blackrock Clan once his mother retired from her position.
"N-No... Hah... don't...bite it... Ngh!"
Valerie clutched the bed sheets as her sweet voice escaped from her seductive lips.
"Stop sucking... are you a baby? I said... stop... Mmm! N-No... I'm feeling... weird. S-Stop... don't... pinch me... Hah!"
The Dragon Princess' young and beautiful body, that was void of any imperfections, glistened with sweat as she cried out helplessly against the merciless kisses that rained upon her voluptuous chest.
"Even if you say stop, isn't it too late for that?" the handsome Half-Elf said in a teasing tone before nibbling on the firm, pink tip that was aching for his touch.
"W-Why are you doing this?" Valerie asked the red-headed teenager, who was making her feel things she had never felt before.
"Why? Isn't that obvious," the handsome Half-Elf replied as he raised his head to look at the beautiful Princess, whose flushed face could make any man lose their senses. "You're already pregnant with my child. Which means that the two of us are now lovers, right? What we're doing now is what lovers do."
"L-Lovers?"
"Mmm. Lovers."
Valerie didn't have any experience when it came to love. However, she had read many books about Knights, Princes, and Princesses, who became lovers after their fateful meeting.
Also, Valerie's mother would often tell her stories on how she met her father, and how the reigning Dragon King courted her.
You can even say that, all of Valerie's knowledge when it came to the opposite sex came from her mother, whom she loved and admired.
With these thoughts swirling inside her head, the beautiful Dragon Princess was unable to stop the red-headed teenager's advances.
The only thing that she could do was shudder helplessly under his caress.
After marking both of her breasts with kisses, the Half-Elf then kissed Valerie's forehead, and her cheeks before finally claiming her lips.
They kissed, and kissed, and kissed some more, with each kiss growing in intensity.
Only when Valerie felt the Half-Elf's hand moving ever slowly downwards, from her breast, to her belly, to her lower abdomen, did the alarm bells started to ring inside her head.
"Stop!" Valerie cried out as she grabbed Lux's hand, who was inches away from her...
The Dragon Princess looked teary-eyed at the handsome Half-Elf and pleaded for him to stop.
"You really can't go any further," Valerie said hoarsely. "I will really get pregnant if you continue. Please, have mercy."
The Half-Elf paused and gave Valerie a gaze filled with affection.
"Aren't you already pregnant?" Lux asked with a smile.
"N-No," Valerie replied. "M-Mother said that it was just a misunderstanding. Holding hands doesn't make Dragons pregnant. But, if you touch me there, I will really get pregnant."
"Really? Is that what she said to you?"
"Y-Yes. She said she got pregnant when father touched her there."
The Half-Elf gave the Dragon Princess a devilish smile as his hand once again moved downwards, despite the fact that Valerie's hand was holding onto his wrist.
"Then get pregnant," Lux said softly as his hands finally reached the place where he wanted to go. "Don't worry, I'll be gentle."ραпdα `nᴏνɐ| сom
The moment Lux's fingers pried her petals open, an electric shock washed over Valerie's body. A moment later, the Half-Elf's lips sucked her breast once again, while his fingers made the beautiful Dragon Princess lose all sense of reason.
Valerie's cries of pleasure that were tainted with helplessness echoed inside the room. She felt so weak that she couldn't do anything, but accept the intoxicating pleasure that had completely taken over her senses.
-----------
"..."
Valerie woke up with a jolt, and found herself covered in sweat.
pαndα`noνɐ1~сoМ The dream she had was still fresh in her mind, and it made her cheeks turn beet red.
"I-It was just a dream?" Valerie muttered as she placed her hand over her chest to try to calm down her wildly beating heart.
It was the first time that the naive, and gullible Princess experienced a wet dream, and she herself didn't understand what just happened.
What the Half-Elf did to her was something she knew nothing about, and only heard about in passing whenever her mother talked about her intimate moments with the Dragon King, as a way of educating Valerie about the opposite sex.
Because of what happened recently, the Dragon Queen decided to tell Valerie the truth on how babies were made. This was to ensure that her daughter wouldn't be too ignorant of the world, and understand when she was in real danger of getting pregnant.
Perhaps, this conversation with her mother was the real reason why such a dream became a reality. All of Valerie's questions, and frustrations, had been answered by the dream.
It also made her feel like digging a hole, and burying herself inside of it out of embarrassment.
She kept on telling herself that it was just a dream, over and over again, and yet her body felt hot due to the illusionary traces of Lux's kisses and caress.
"I'll take a bath to cool myself down," Valerie muttered as she got up from her bed, and headed to the spring right next to her private residence.
Her nightgown was already drenched with sweat, which stuck to her alluring figure that was still in the process of maturing.
Perhaps, in a year or two, her growth phase would end, and by then, Valerie's charm would reach unprecedented heights.
This would surely force the Dragon King to increase the number of Rankers that accompanied her everytime she snuck away from the Capital City of Rex Lapis.
Of course, Valerie wasn't aware that her parents had prepared such a contingency each time she left the Inner Palace.
The only thing in her mind right now was her dream, as well as the affectionate and gentle Half-Elf, whose smile and touch made her heart flutter inside her chest.
'Should I tell mother about the dream I just had?' Valerie thought as she removed the strings of her nightgown, making it fall beside her feet. 'Or, should I tell father about it first? He said that he will invite Sir Lux to go fishing with him when he returns to Karshvar Draconis. I wonder if I can be with them as well? Fishing sounds fun.'
The Dragon Princess waded inside the spring, until only her head was visible. The spring waters washed over her sweat-stained body, helping her body cool down.
"Sir Lux...," Valerie muttered as she thought of the red-headed teenager whose affectionate gaze, and gentle touch lingered inside her memory. "I guess Ali and Ari were right all along. Half-Elfs really do eat Dragons. I better be careful when Sir Lux returns. If I get carried away, I might get eaten by him. Just like he did in my dream."
The Dragon Princess then lightly cupped her breasts that were submerged under the water, and remembered how the Half-Elf suckled and bit them like a baby.
Although she was feeling a bit fearful about what just transpired in her dream, a small seed had already been planted inside her innocent heart.
A seed that would be nourished with time, and grow to become a beautiful flower...
Waiting for the day when a Prince would come and make her innocent, and untamed, heart skip a beat.
"Don't worry, I'll do my best not to kill you by accident," Flamma said as he stood facing Cethus in the Grand Arena used by the Blackrock Clan.
Cethus didn't bother to give a reply and simply summoned the spear he had received as a reward after completing the quest of escorting the residents of Abingdon Town.
After hearing that Flamma had challenged the newcomers into a duel, all of the Orcs who had finished their preparations for the war went to the Grand Arena to watch the battle.
Of course, they knew that Cethus, who was only of the Initiate Rank, had no chance of winning against Flamma. But, it didn't matter.
They were there to support the son of their Orc Chieftain, and also to watch something entertaining before they headed off to the battlefield.
"Are both fighters ready?" Baronar, who had come to the Grand Arena in a hurry to better understand what happened, decided to referee.
He had no chance to ask questions because Flamma insisted on having the duel, and Cethus kept his silence.
Because of this, the Great Orc Shaman had no choice but to facilitate the duel. The only thing he could do was to ensure that the Dragon Born wouldn't die if the son of their Chieftain got carried away with his antics.
"Start the battle!" Baronar shouted, and all the Orcs in the stands raised their weapons and cheered.
 The first thing that Cethus did was to fly upwards because there was no way he could battle a Deimos-Ranked Alpha Monster in close quarters. The Dragon Born understood that he needed to gain distance, as soon as possible, but Flamma had anticipated this move from the get go.
"Fire Snakes!" Flamma roared as he unleashed two flames, which transformed into giant snakes.
These Spirit Snakes flew towards Cethus, forcing the Dragon Born to distance himself from the enemy's attacks.
The spear in his hands hummed faintly, as if telling Cethus that all was well. With his sentient weapon telling him that the preparations were underway, the Dragon Born focused all of his attention on evading.
Flamma chuckled after seeing Cethus' desperate struggles. He had fought almost all of the Orcs in the Blackrock Clan that was close to his age, and none of them even managed to deal a decisive blow on him.
Part of this was because Flamma was born strong, and another was that he acquired several artifacts, and pieces of equipment, which were all Pseudo-Legendary in nature.
In time, no one dared to challenge him again because he was simply too strong for the younger generation.
"Maybe two Fire Snakes isn't enough for you," Flamma said as he raised both of his hands. "How about four then?"
Two more FIre Snakes materialized in the arena, and once again flew in Cethus' direction. Everyone watching the battle, with the exception of Lux and his party, thought that the battle was already over, but what they saw next made their eyes widen in shock.
"Gravity Domain!" Cethus roared as he pointed his spear towards the sky.
Immediately, a black dome encapsulated the entire arena, increasing the gravity inside the domain by six times.
The Fire Snakes, which were like fishes in the water earlier, fell to the floor of the arena, barely able to raise their heads.
Flamma narrowed his eyes, as he stood unmoving from his spot. Although he seemed to be completely fine, the truth was, his body felt as heavy as lead.
'I underestimated this Dragon Born,' Flamma thought. 'I guess it's time for me to get serious.'
Baronar, who was outside of the arena, looked at the battle with his arms crossed over his chest. Just like everyone else, he didn't expect Cethus to have a Trump Card that could make things difficult for Flamma.
One of the rewards that Cethus acquired when he cleared the mission in the Shaufell Plains was a Rank 5 Skill Book of his choice.
The Skill Book he chose was something that he had always wanted to have, and that was none other than Gravity Domain.
Cethus' true power lay in manipulating gravity. However, he could only manipulate the gravity of his equipment.
For example he could make his weapon lighter, or heavier, depending on the situation.
When attacking, he could decrease the gravity of his weapon to allow him to make it lighter, and instantly make it heavier at the point of impact.
This would take his enemies completely by surprise, and one of aces he kept up his sleeve. Only his Grandma knew about this ability of his, which he only used during life and death situations.
During his duel with Lux, the Dragon Born wasn't given the opportunity to highlight this ability because he got gang banged pretty early during their duel. However, right now, he felt as if he could do it, and that's why he was now showcasing his might for everyone to see.
The Gravity Domain skill perfectly complimented his ability, making Cethus more deadly than ever before.
"Pay for your arrogance, Half-Orc!" Cethus roared as he pulled back his arm in preparation to throw the spear in his hand.
"Gravitas Dominion!"
The moment Cethus threw his weapon, he activated his ability and nullified the gravity of the spear, making it travel at the speed of sound.
When the spear was only a meter away from Flamma, the Dragon Born once again activated his ability, and increased the gravity of the spear by 10, making it extremely heavy.
The weapon that Cethus received was a sentient spear, meaning that it had intelligence and the ability to communicate with its Master.
The spear was called Oblivion, the Impaler of the Forsaken, and now, this same weapon was only a meter away from the Half-Orc, who originally thought that he could defeat Cethus without breaking a sweat.
Oblivion hit his mark, and embedded itself in Flamma's shoulder. Since they were in the Blackrock Clan's territory, accidentally killing the son of the reigning Patriarch would certainly spell doom for everyone in Lux's party.
Because of this, Cethus had only aimed at the Half-Orc's dominant shoulder. He believed that as long as his spear made contact with Flamma's body, the match would be over in no time at all.
A resounding clap reverberated in the surroundings as Oblivion pierced through the Half-Orc's shoulder. At least, this was what Cethus believed would happen.
Unfortunately, the moment the spear hit the Half-Orc's shoulder, it immediately bounced off as if it was a rubber ball, hitting a boulder.
Before Cethus could even recover from his shock, Flamma created runic symbols with his fingers before pressing his hand over the arena.
"Wind Break!"
A moment later, Cethus found himself falling from the air as if he was a puppet whose strings had been cut off.
As the Dragon Born struggled to regain balance, he suddenly saw Flamma's face, inches away from his own.
"Nice try," Flamma said. "But not enough to beat me."
Without even giving Cethus an opportunity to recover, Flamma slammed his clenched fist against the Dragon Born's chest, smashing him towards the ground.
The Dragon Born was only able to cough a mouthful of blood before passing out completely.
Almost all of his ribs had been broken, and if he didn't get medical help soon, his condition would quickly deteriorate.
Fortunately, Baronar was there and he immediately stopped the match before Flamma could get carried away and harm the unconscious Dragon Born further.
The Great Orc Shaman had invited Lux and his comrades as his guests, and it would reflect badly on him if one of them died under his watch.
"Flamma Wins!" Baronar shouted before summoning several Elite Orc Spirit Warriors to carry the unconscious Cethus to his side.
Cheers erupted on the stands as the Blackrock Clan shouted Flamma's name, cheering him on his victory.
"""Flamma!"""
"""Flamma!"""
"""Flamma!"""
Gerhart, who watched the battle from start to finish, looked at the fallen Dragon Born with a calm expression on his face. He had no love for Cethus, and he could care less if he lost the duel.
However, after seeing how the latter was defeated, he realized that Flamma had used an ability that rendered him invincible for a short period of time. Because of this, he was worried that Lux might also get defeated in a similar manner, which might bring further complications to their mission.
"Be careful," Gerhart said to the Half-Elf. "Don't give him a chance to do anything."
Lux nodded before walking towards the Arena where Flamma was waiting for him with arms crossed over his chest.
When the Half-Elf stood facing Flamma in the Arena, the Orcs once again started to cheer and call out Flamma's name.
"Don't worry," Flamma said with confidence. "I will not be as brutal to you as I was to your friend."
"Thank you?" Lux replied. "Ah. by the way, there is one thing that I would like to say to you. You see, I'm a Summoner, so I need to summon Creatures in order to fight. Is that fine with you?"
Flamma only laughed after hearing Lux's words. For him, it didn't matter if Lux was a Summoner. Clearly, he was very confident of his strength.
"It's fine," Flamma stated. "Feel free to summon all of your Creatures. It won't change the outcome of this match."
Unknown to Flamma, the Orc Chieftain, Barca, and the other Orc Warlords were watching the duel from their VIP seats in the Grand Arena.
"I pity those newcomers," the Orc Raider, Tanabur commented. "They're just like punching dummies for Flamma."
Morgazar, the Orc Hunter, nodded his head in agreement. "Flamma should really stop bullying people."
Only Barca and the Orc Chieftain looked at the Half-Elf with interest.
"Do you feel it, Barca?" the Orc Chieftain asked.
"Yes," Barca replied. "That Half-Elf is not simple. Flamma might hit his first roadblock today."
The Orc Chieftain only smiled at the thought of her son's arrogance getting brought down a peg.
After making sure that Cethus was no longer in danger, Baronar once again walked toward the Arena to ask both fighters if they were ready to fight.
Lux and Flamma nodded their heads, which made the Great Orc Shaman raise his hand and announce the start of the battle.
Earlier, Flamma simply stood and allowed Cethus to gain distance from him. But now, he changed his mind.
As soon as Baronar gave the signal to fight, he immediately charged in Lux's direction with the intention of smashing his fist against the Half-Elf's chest, to give him the same injury that Cethus had received from his strike.
If not for the fact that he had an artifact that allowed him to become invincible for ten seconds, Cethus' spear strike might have really pierced through his shoulder, making him feel a world of pain.
Flamma wasn't stupid. He was a warrior, and was capable of knowing if his opponent was strong or not.
Lux might be weaker than him, but the Half-Elf looked like a veteran who had fought many life and death battles.
The Half-Orc didn't want to take any chances and decided to end the match before something unexpected happened.
"Brutal Smash!" Flamma roared as he delivered a powerful punch that would send the Half-Elf flying towards the other side of the arena, where he would hit the stands.
However, before the Half-Orc's punch punch could even land on the red-headed teenager's body, a clawed hand caught it securely in its grasp, preventing it from moving forward a single inch.
"You call that a Smash?" Lux asked in a teasing tone. "ALL-MITE, show him what a true smash looks like."
The Unsung Hero of Abingdon Town obeyed his Master's orders and smashed his fist into the Half-Orc's face, sending Flamma flying backwards.
A moment later, a pin-drop silence spread within the arena as everyone looked in disbelief at what just happened.
The strongest member of their young generation struggled to prop himself up from the ground, while blood oozed from his nose.
"Good!" Flamma growled as he wiped the blood off his nose. "It has been a while since someone has managed to hurt me. Your Summon is strong. Our battle will be Legendary!"
"Okay," Lux replied.
 "Just a piece of advice, Half-Elf. I won't be able to hold myself back anymore."
"Okay."
"Don't blame me if I accidentally killed you."
"Okay."
"Bastard, here I come!" Flamma roared as he took out a Pseudo-Legendary War Axe in preparation to duke it out with Lux.
However, just before he could charge at the Half-Elf, something he didn't expect appeared in front of his eyes.
"Arise!" Lux ordered.
All of Lux's Named Creatures, and all the members of his Covenant appeared in the Arena. Not only that, Lux had also used his Legendary Artifact, Elemental Heart, and summoned a Deimos-Ranked Wind Elemental, who sent powerful gusts of winds throughout their surroundings.
This made the Orcs who were about to cheer on Flamma, once again fall into silence.
Baronar, who was watching from the side of the Arena, couldn't stop the corner of his lips from twitching.
'What in the Son Jinwoo is this sh*t?' Baronar thought as he looked at Lux's summons that were strong enough to screw Flamma ten times over.
The Orc Warlords who were inside the VIP Room also almost choked on their saliva after seeing the unexpected turn of events.
They had seen Summoners before, but they didn't expect that someone as young as Lux could summon a force that was enough to make some of the members of the Blackrock Clan feel as if their bum was about to get a beating.
Lux and Cethus might not see eye to eye most of the time, but since the Dragon Born reminded the Half-Elf of when he himself was still struggling and wanted to be strong, he decided to take Cethus under his wing.
After seeing the Dragon Born's sorry state, the Half-Elf felt the strong urge to teach the Half-Orc a lesson that he shouldn't bully those who were weaker than him.
"Sorry, Flamma," Lux said as his two hands transformed into Dragon Claws. "I don't fight one-on-one battles. So, don't blame me if I accidentally kill you."
"T-This is a sacred duel, you know," Flamma stuttered. "Fight me one-on-one!"
"Okay," Lux replied as he pointed his finger at the silly Half-Orc who thought that he could bullsh*t his way out of this mess.
"Bang his nuts!"
As soon as the Half-Elf gave his orders, his subordinates moved as one and charged at the pitiful Half-Orc who would soon understand what it meant to be Gang Banged.
Flamma had tasted losses several times in the past.
However, these losses weren't earned from those who were the same age as him.
He would often spar with the Orc Warlords, on a regular basis in order to hone his fighting skills. Of course, sparring had its limitations because the Orc Warlords were not going all out because they were afraid that they might accidentally injure him during their sparring matches.
Because of this, Flamma didn't really understand what it means to really fight against strong opponents.
The young Orcs that he had beaten, although strong, were still weaker than him. This made him feel unsatisfied most of the time.
Fighting monsters was also an option, but since there were several people who were assigned to protect him, he hadn't really encountered a situation where his life was truly on the line.
He was equipped with Pseudo-Legendary and Legendary Equipment that had many ways to preserve his life, like the one he used against Cethus earlier.
It was an earring given to him by his mother, the Orc Chieftain, that allowed him to become invincible for ten seconds. However, it had a cooldown time of twelve hours.
With so many powerful pieces of equipment and artifacts at his disposal, he believed that he could win against anyone who was the same rank as him.
When he faced Lux, he thought that he could easily beat the guy and get it over with, but he faced the wrong opponent.
The one he fought was a very disgusting opponent.
"... Argh!"
A grunt escaped Flamma's lips as ALL-MITE's fist smashed against his face a second time, sending him flying in the opposite direction.
However, before he could even regain his balance, he found himself being pulled back towards the four-armed Hero due to the power of the Deimos-Ranked Wind Elemental, whose role was to ensure that Flamma wouldn't be able to distance himself from Lux's subordinates.
"Don't Underestimate me!" Flamma roared in anger as he prepared to hack ALL-MITE with his War Axe. "Brutal Swing!"
Raising his War Axe above his head, the Half-Orc planned to use a full-powered blow in order to defeat the weird-looking-creature with four arms, once and for all.
Unfortunately for him, ALL-MITE wasn't the only opponent he had in the battlefield.
Orion grabbed hold of Flamma's leg and smashed him to the ground before he could hit ALL-MITE.
A moment later, Diablo used his skill, Quick Assault, and stabbed Flamma's bum with his sword, making the Half-Orc, half-groan and half moan.
The Orcs who were watching the duel, especially the young Orcs, all covered their backsides with both hands, as if they were afraid that they would be next.
 Even Barca and the Orc Warlords winced after seeing what happened to Flamma.
The only exception was the Orc Chieftain who hastily covered her lips in order to suppress the laughter that was bubbling up inside her chest.
Flamma roared in both anger and embarrassment before propping himself up and jumping upwards. He then hastily checked the surroundings looking for a single person.
'As long as I bring down the summoner first, these bastards will all disappear!' Flamma thought as his gaze landed on the Half-Elf, who was at a good distance away from where they were fighting.
"Fire Snake!" Flamma summoned a Fire Snake, which he used as a foothold in order to run towards Lux's direction.
The Half-Elf looked at him with a teasing smile on his face, which made the Half-Orc want to slap Lux's face so badly.
"We'll see if you can keep that smile on your face!" Flamma shouted as he jumped off from the Fire Snake's body, shooting towards Lux's like a Cannonball.
The smile on Lux's face widened as the Half-Orc closed the gap to only a few meters.
However, just as he was about to reach the Half-Elf's body, the red-headed teenager suddenly flew up into the sky.
Unfazed by what Lux did, Flamma hastily stomped his feet on the ground with the intention of jumping after his target, but before he could do that, his body suddenly froze mid-jump.
A moment later, Flamma found himself charging towards the Jade Golem, whose gauntleted hand was glowing brightly.
With a roar filled with hatred, the Half-Orc slashed the Jade Golem using every ounce of strength he could muster.
A resounding cracking sound spread in the surroundings as the Orion's Golden Gauntlet, and Flamma's War Axe collided with each other.
"Perfect Counter!" Orion shouted as he returned force behind Flamma's strike back to the Half-Orc, which made the latter fly backwards like a kite whose strings had been cut.
Red blood trailed in the air as Flamma momentarily lost consciousness.
What Orion did was a perfect counter, which reflected the Half-Orc's full powered blow back at him.
After Lux had gotten an upgrade, most of his subordinates had acquired new skills and abilities, and the Jade Golem, as well as the Fortress Defender, benefited greatly from it.
Aside from the Beast Cores that Orion could use to power up his gauntlet, he had also learned the skill, Counter.
Pazuzu on the other hand, learned the skills Shield Reflect and Shield Counter, which were capable of storing the force behind magical and physical attacks, before unleashing them as an offensive counter to his enemies.
Flamma's temporary loss of consciousness was taken advantage of by Lux's subordinates.
Diablo and the rest didn't hesitate, and unleashed a barrage of attacks that made Baronar's teeth itch, just watching the battle.
Lux, who was looking down on the Half-Orc from above the arena, crossed his arms over his chest.
The Half-Elf was currently standing on the palm of the Deimos-Ranked Wind Elemental, which made Lux look so badass.
Truth be told, Lux wasn't only paying attention to Flamma who was getting gang banged in the arena. He was also observing the reaction of Baronar, as well as the other Orc Warlords, whose presence he had sensed when the battle started.
Lux gave Barca a side-long glance.
The Half-Orc was older than the one he had met in the Dungeon, and a scar could be seen etched on the right side of his face, reaching up to his eye, making him look hideous.
Moving his gaze to Baronar's right side, the Half-Elf saw an unfamiliar face, sitting on a make-shift throne.
Although he was a good distance away, he could tell that he was looking at a Half-Orc.
'I guess I'll introduce myself later to them,' Lux thought as he once again shifted his attention to Flamma, who could no longer tell which was left and right after the non-stop battering he was receiving from all sides.
The reason why Lux decided to summon his Named Creatures, as well as the members of his Covenant, was to make a name for himself within the Capital City of the Orcs.
This was why he suggested that Flamma duel with them, so that the Blackrock Clan could see what he was capable of doing, allowing him to make a name for himself.
Seeing that he had already received the effect that he wanted, Lux gave his subordinates a thumbs down giving them the order to finish the match.
At that exact moment, Flamma suddenly did the unexpected and stomped his foot on the ground. A second later, he was hurtling towards the Half-Elf, while shouting a war cry.
"For the Clan!" Flamma shouted as four Fire Snakes materialized around him, shielding him from Lux's subordinates who had given him a good beating.
Lux smirked as he pointed his finger at the Half-Orc whose bloodshot eyes were locked on his body.
"Death Sentence [EX]!"
A powerful beam of darkness shot out from Lux's fingertips which immediately expanded in size, engulfing the Half-Orc's entire body.
Currently, this skill was Lux's strongest attack, and, whenever possible, he didn't want to use it.
If not for the fact that Flamma had managed to regain his senses at the last minute, the Half-Elf wouldn't have resorted to using the skill that would cripple him temporarily.
"Seriously, that hurts," Baronar complained as he removed the Spirit Shield that was blocking his body. "To think that your attack can bypass even magical defenses. I am very impressed."
The Orc Great Shaman decided to step in because he understood that Flamma would be seriously injured if he took on Lux's powerful attack head-on.
Using his right hand to block Lux's attack, and using his left to restrain the nearly-unconscious Half-Orc, Baronar made sure that both parties wouldn't have lasting injuries from their duel.
"Winner, Lux!" Baronar announced as he pointed at the red-headed teenager that was standing on the palm of his Deimos-Ranked Wind Elemental.
Flamma groaned as he gazed up at the Half-Elf who was calmly looking back at him with a smile.
"I lost," Flamma muttered.
With a sigh of unwillingness, the Half-Orc closed his eyes because his body had reached his limit. The War Axe he was holding on tightly earlier now fell on the ground with a thud, signifying that the battle had truly come to an end.
A few seconds later, Flamma lost consciousness, which made Baronar shake his head helplessly.
"Oi, carry your own son," Baronar said as he looked up at the VIP area where Barca and the others were watching. "Don't make me clean up his mess."
The Orcs, who were almost silent minutes ago began to raise their hands high up in the air and started cheering. Although Flamma had lost, Orcs didn't find fault with Lux's methods and applauded him.
They were a race that respected the strong, and in their eyes, they acknowledged that Lux was strong despite his young age.
"Barca, invite the Half-Elf and his companions to dine with us later," the Orc Chieftain said with a smile.
Barca nodded before jumping towards the Arena to carry his unconscious son away, who had gotten beaten so badly.
"Your name is Lux, right?" Barca said as he took his son from Baronar's hands.
"Yes, Your Excellency," Lux replied.
"Eat with us later," Barca stated before turning around to leave the arena. "Make sure you come hungry."
Without another word, the Vice-Chieftain of the Blackrock Clan carried his son away from the arena, while the members of his clan were cheering for the Half-Elf, who showed them a heated battle that also lit the fire in their hearts.
"The other creatures you summoned, I didn't see them when I looked at your memories," Baronar said as he sat cross-legged opposite Lux.
"Well, a lot of things happened," Lux replied as he drank a glass of fruit juice.
Currently, he was in a weakened state after using the skill, Death Sentence [EX]. However, since the battle was over, he could relax a bit while waiting for his stats to return to normal.
'Fortunately, Death's Sentence's side-effect only lasts for an hour,' Lux thought as he emptied his glass. 'I'll be back to normal in time for dinner.'
The Half-Elf and his companions were back in their residence, celebrating Lux's victory over Flamma.
Randolph and Grandma Annie were both surprised because this was the first time that they had seen Lux fight since he saved their Leaf Village from the last Monster Outbreak.
Back then, a Mere Rank 5 World-Boss Monster threatened to wipe out their entire village from the face of the Kingdom of Gweliven.
This catastrophe was only resolved when Lux appeared to save them.
'I can't believe how strong he has become in the short time that I haven't seen him fight,' Grandma Annie mused as she looked at the Half-Elf who had looked so lost and lonely when he first arrived in Leaf Village.
She wasn't the only one that was feeling nostalgic. Even Randolph looked at the red-headed teenager with pride in his eyes.
'You've grown so much, my boy,' Randolph thought. 'I look forward to seeing how strong you will be in the future.'
As Lux's Master, Randolph felt truly happy for him. He knew that Lux had set a goal for himself, and although he didn't ask his disciple what it was, he believed that as long as the Half-Elf was given the chance to grow, he would be able to accomplish many things in life.
Laura and Livia were also very impressed with Lux's performance. They now understood why their Big Brother, Sid, chose to serve under him.
"Livia, let's get stronger too," Laura whispered to her sister.
"Un!" Livia replied as she nodded her head.
Their two Baby Slimes, Nora and Cora, were also talking to Eiko, and both of them said that they wanted to become as strong as her as well.
"Eyah!" Eiko nodded her head in approval to Nora's and Cora's wishes because she was also constantly striving to get stronger.
She still hadn't won a duel against the Unicorn, Astra, whom the Baby Slime had labeled her archenemy.
Gerhart already had an idea of how strong Lux was, but seeing the Deimos-Ranked Wind Elemental that the Half-Elf had summoned in the Arena made him realize that the Half-Elf still had one more powerful fighter at his beck and call.
'He already summoned a powerful lineup, and yet, that was still not the extent of his full power,' Gerhart gave the Half-Elf a side-long glance before emptying his glass of fruit juice. 'Although I'm a bit older than him, I can say with confidence that I don't have any chances of defeating him at this point in time.'
Originally, Gerhart believed that there were not many teenagers, who were about the same age as him, who could beat him in battle.
But, after seeing what the Half-Elf was capable of doing, he realized that there was always someone stronger than you, somewhere out there.
"If your purpose for doing what you did in the arena was to get our Orc Chieftain's attention then you succeeded," Baronar stated as he eyed the Half-Elf, whose hands were shaking a bit as he held a glass of fruit juice. "You've made a name for yourself, Lux.
 "Our Flamma hadn't lost a single battle amongst his peers, and you are the first to make him taste the bitterness of defeat. Tell me, did you do that in order to avenge your friend whom he had bullied earlier?"
Lux didn't answer right away as he carefully placed his cup in front of him.
"Yes, and no," Lux replied as he raised his head to look at the Great Orc Shaman in front of him. "Just like you mentioned earlier, your Excellency, my goal is to gain recognition from the Blackrock Clan. I want them to know my name, and what I am capable of. However, it is also true that I was angry about what he did to Cethus. Because of that I went overboard a bit."
"Well, all is good. I'm sure that no one will find fault in what you did."
"Thank you, Your Excellency. I'm sure that Cethus will also be happy in the afterlife since I avenged him."
"I'm still alive, you bastard!" Cethus shouted. "Don't kill me off just yet. Damn you!"
The Dragon Born was lying on a make-shift stretcher not far from everyone.
Although Baronar had used his Shamanic Powers to repair Cethus' broken ribs, it would still take him a few days to have a complete recovery.
Baronar chuckled after seeing the exchange between the Half-Elf and the Dragon Born. Clearly, the two really didn't get along with each other much, but he could also tell that Cethus was feeling grateful that Lux taught Flamma a lesson.
"This might be a bit late, but... you have the Power of the Abyss in you, right?" Baronar asked as he rubbed his chin. "I clearly felt its power when I blocked your attack. If I wasn't a Great Shaman, who has strengthened my spiritual power to a higher realm, your last attack might have caused injury to my soul."
Lux nodded his head. "Yes. I do have the power of the Abyss in me."
"I knew it!" Baronar clapped his hands together. "Is there a chance that you carry with you an Abyssal Core? Truth be told, I've always wanted to acquire the power of the Abyss myself. However, I haven't had the opportunity to face any Abyssal Monsters in my lifetime. No matter the price, I am willing to give it to you in exchange for an Abyssal Core."
Lux closed his eyes for a bit as he pondered on how to answer Baronar's request.
Truth be told, he still had the body of the Grim Butcher Nightwalker, which was a Rank 5 World Boss Monster.
This Abyssal Monster appeared during Bedivere's reunion with his family. It was a very powerful monster, and if not for the help of the Tyrannosaurus Monster, they wouldn't have been able to defeat it at all.
Originally, Lux and Asmodeus wanted to reanimate the Abyssal Monster to make it one of their companions. But, they had yet to find the right opportunity to do so.
Its Beast Core was also still intact because Lux didn't plan on absorbing it. Having more than one Abyssal Power was dangerous because it led to the fast corruption of one's soul.
The Abyss Touch that Lux possessed was already strong enough to make him lose his senses when his anger reached a certain threshold. Adding one more ability on top of that was complete suicide.
Also, after experiencing the power of the Abyss, Lux didn't want any of his family members, and close friends to take the unnecessary risk of possibly being corrupted by the Abyss.
A few minutes later, Lux opened his eyes to look at the Great Orc Shaman who was looking at him with anticipation.
"Very well, Your Excellency," Lux said with a smile of a businessman. "What are you willing to trade for the Beast Core of an Abyssal Monster?"
The Half-Elf took out the Abyssal Core from his Storage Ring and held it firmly in his hands.
Baronar gulped subconsciously as he looked at the item that he had always wanted before forcefully shifting his gaze back to the Half-Elf's face, who were asking him what price he was willing to give.
"What do you want?" Baronar asked. "I know that you came here for the Transcendent Flames, but I cannot give them to you. The most I can do is support you when you ask for it, but aside from that, there is nothing I can do to help you."
Lux shook his head because the Transcendent Flames weren't the things that he wanted to trade for the Beast Core. he understood that Baronar would never betray the Blackrock Clan, so asking for him to give him the Twin Flames was impossible.
However, the Half-Elf had something else in mind, and for that to happen, he would need the expertise of the Great Orc Shaman who were very proficient in using Shamanic Arts, as well as several resources that were only exclusive in the territory of the Blackrock Clan.
"I will exchange the Beast Core with you if you give me two things," Lux said. "The first one is rather simple. All you need to do is give me as many Monster bones as you can. The Blackrock Clan regularly hunts strong Monsters, right? I want as many of those bones as possible."
Baronar didn't even bat an eye as he nodded his head to accept Lux's first request.
"Our Blacksmiths use the Monster bones in order to forge weapons and armor for the clan," Baronar stated. "Especially now, during this time when war is approaching, the warriors will hunt as many Monsters as they can so that their parts can be used as resources to arm our warriors to the teeth.
"However, I have two Deimos, and two Argonaut-Ranked Monster bones in my possession. I can give those to you. I also have several Rank 5 Monster bones and below with me. I will give those to you as well."
Lux was quite satisfied because Baronar had met his first condition easily.
"Okay, now, the next condition is..." Lux explained to the Great Orc Shaman what he wanted to happen, and the latter listened to his explanation patiently.
"That's it?" Baronar asked. "You came to ask the right person. I am an expert in summoning Elite Spirit Monsters."
After completing the Dungeon of Dominion, Lux had managed to acquire Baronar's ability to summon Elite Spirit Warriors. Because of that, Pazuzu was born.
Since then, his skill of summoning Elite Spirit Warriors had not been used again, and he was hoping that Baronar could help him find a way to upgrade this skill, by giving him the skill books of Elite Spirit Summons that the Great Orc Shaman had mastered in the past.
Lux had long wanted to have several Elite Spirit Shield Warriors to act as Tanks for his Undead army.
As long as Baronar was able to help him with this task, trading the Abyssal Core was a small price to pay for the addition of powerful elite units that would make his Undead Legion a force to be reckoned with.
Baronar took out a scroll from his storage ring and wrote several intricate runes over it.
"This scroll is the second Skill Scroll that I made when I was younger," Baronar explained as he continued to write more runes over the scroll's surface. "However, I have learned many things since then. I have trained many Orc Shamans, and all of them are now able to create their own unique Spirit Warriors. Unfortunately, none of their Spirit Warriors could come close to the level of what mine could do.
"It's quite funny that you were able to acquire my abilities inside a Dungeon. Perhaps it's fate, or some other kind of power at play, but knowing that someone out there managed to inherit my legacy makes me somewhat happy."
Baronar added the last rune to the scroll and pressed his palm against it as if marking it with his seal.
"Here you go," Baronar said as he handed the completed Skill Scroll to Lux. "Although I may not be your Master, and you are not my Disciple, I expect good things from you. After all, you have made my power your own, right?"
Lux bowed gratefully to the Orc Shaman before accepting the Skill Scroll with both hands. Only those who had mastered their arts to the peak could create something like this, and what he had in his hand was a very valuable consumable item that would go for millions of Gold in Auction Houses.
Unlike Beast Cores which gave people a small chance to learn skills from them, Skill Books and Skill Scrolls were guaranteed to give you a skill. This was what made them much more valuable to other people, especially those that belonged to the Royal Families or other Influential Clans.
"Thank you, Your Excellency," Lux replied. "I will put it to good use. Here is the Abyssal Beast Core that you wanted."
The Half-Elf offered the black Abyssal Core to the Great Orc Shaman, who happily took it with a smile.
"The trade is done," Baronar stated as he brought the Abyssal Core close to his eyes to give it a closer inspection. "I'll give you the bones later tonight. Also, make sure to prepare a gift for the Orc Chieftain to get in her good graces. I'll take my leave for now."
After bidding his goodbye, the Great Orc Shaman left the room in order to return to his own quarters. He didn't plan on absorbing the Abyssal Core right away. For Baronar, this was the perfect opportunity to do some experiments in order to get a higher chance of acquiring a skill from the Beast Core he had acquired from Lux.
"I'll go to my room as well," Lux said to his companions. "If there is something important, just call for me. Eiko, you can stay and play with Cora and Nora, but make sure that you guys don't leave the residence, okay?"
Eiko nodded her head. "Pa!"
The Baby Slime was having fun talking to Cora and Nora, so Lux decided to let her stay with them for the time being. His priority right now was to go to his room and do two things.
The first one was to use the Skill Scroll and gain a new powerful unit to enhance the performance of his Undead Legion.
The second one was to summon Asmodeus and discuss what they should do with the Abyssal Monster Corpse in his possession, as well as the Deimos and Argonaut-Ranked Beast Bones that Baronar would be giving them later.
The cooldown for the Skeleton Generator Skill had finished, and it was about time for him to create another monster to join his army.
After making sure that the door was firmly closed, Lux took a few deep breaths before sitting on top of the bed. He then activated the Skill Scroll in his hand in order to absorb its powers.
—------------
< Your Skill, Summon Elite Spirit Warrior, has received an upgrade >
< Choose one of the options to complete your upgrade >
– Elite Spirit Shield Warriors
– Elite Spirit Raiders
– Elite Spirit Skirmishers
– Elite Spirit Berserkers
– Elite Spirit Hunters
Note: After choosing one of the options, that unit will evolve to become a stronger unit due to the effect of Baronar's Legacy. Your choice is irreversible, so make sure to choose wisely!
—------------
"Baronar really went all out on this one," Lux muttered. "That trade was worth it."
Although there were several choices on the list, Lux had already made up his mind and chose Elite Spirit Shield Warriors.
He didn't need Spirit Berserkers because he already had the Skeleton Gang Bangers to play a similar role.
He also didn't need Spirit Hunters because the Skeleton Arcane Hunters and Liches were already potent enough for long-range attacks.
What Lux really needed right now were Meat Shields.
Lots of Meat Shields.
After making his choice, he heard a ringing sound in his head confirming his choice.
—------------
< You have chosen Elite Spirit Shield Warriors >
< Undergoing Elite Spirit Evolution! >
< Evolution Progress… 1% >
< Evolution Progress… 15% >
< Evolution Progress… 38% >
—------------
Lux waited patiently until the progression bar hit 100%. He didn't know what the Elite Spirit Shield Warriors would evolve into, but he was very optimistic about how they would turn out.
Finally, after two minutes of waiting, the evolution progress was completed.
 —------------
< Congratulations! >
< Your Elite Spirit Shield Warriors have evolved into Elite Spirit Protectors >
—------------
< Elite Spirit Protectors >
"We Protect and Serve."
– Defenders of the Legion
– Monster Rating: S
– Max Summons: 50
Health: 350,000 / 350,000
Mana: 75,000 / 75,000
Active Skill: Shield Bash, Shield Wall, Shield Throw, Madlad Rush, Last Stand, Power Strike, Stone Skin, Taunt.
Passive Skill: Guts, Very Tough, Equip Item, Auto Guard
Unique Ability: United We Stand.
Note: Every time Lux Von Kaizer's Rank increases, the number of Elite Spirit Protectors that can be summoned will increase by 100.
—------------
< United We Stand >
– When 10 or more Elite Spirit Protectors stand side-by-side in a defensive stance, each attack's damage received will be shared equally by everyone. If the damage they received surpassed the limit of their combined health, all of the Elite Spirit Protectors will die at the same time.
< Taunt >
– Has a 50% chance of making the enemy target them specifically.
—------------
"Finally, I have more tanks in my army," Lux said with a smile. "Come, Asmodeus."
The Half-Elf summoned his trusted strategist, whom he'd ask for advice when it came to the expansion of his Undead Legion.
Lux's personal army was enough to defeat an E-Ranker, and even contend with D-Rankers to a certain extent.
He would also have no trouble fighting against Deimos Ranked Beasts. As for Argonaut-Ranked Monsters, Lux wasn't too confident of his chances.
Even so, very few individuals around his age could match the Half-Elf in single or group battles due to the quantity and quality of his Summons.
"Master, back then, I advised you to use the skill Animate Undead to transform the Abyssal Corpse into an Undead Monster," Asmodeus stated. "However, we have more choices now. Truth be told, aside from you, Diablo, and Zagan, no one else in our army has the ability to deal True Damage to our enemies, which can break past their defenses and target their souls.
"Right now, we have three options. First, we can use the Skeleton Generator Skill, and use the Abyssal Corpse as an ingredient to get a Random Higher Undead Monster.
"Our second option is to simply use the Animate Undead Skill, and choose among the options available there like you did with Revon. That way, the new monster will become Revon's subordinate.
"The last option is to make this creature a member of your Covenant. Similar to using the Animate Undead Skill, you can also choose what profession or form the new monster will take. Personally, I highly recommend that you choose the second or third option, Master."
Lux rubbed his chin as he considered Asmodeus' advice.
"Indeed, the Skeleton Generator is completely random," Lux replied. "Even if we somehow get an Abyssal Undead Monster, what will come of it is too unpredictable, and we have no control over it. However, if we used the Animate Undead Skill or make this monster a part of my Covenant, the profession it could get is within the scope of my control."
"Exactly, Master." Asmodeus nodded. "We must have both quantity and quality in our army. Although we might not get another exceptionally strong comrade like ALL-MITE, it is still possible to get a versatile unit like Ithaqua. What we need is diversity, so we will be able to make contingencies for any given situation."
Lux wholeheartedly agreed with Asmodeus' words. Because of this, he decided to think very carefully about how he would deal with the Abyssal Corpse in his possession, which had caused great trouble for him, Cai, and his Dragon Knight, Bedivere, several months ago.
"I'll just use Animate Undead this time," Lux said after careful consideration.
Currently, his Necromancer Covenant consisted of Bedivere, Zagan, and ALL-MITE.
On the other hand, his Animated Undead Legion was composed of Revon and the monster that was created through the power of his Skeleton Generator Skill.
This monster had somehow become too strong for Lux to control, so he had no choice but to seal it. According to the information, he would only be able to make it obey his will once he became a C-Ranker.
It meant that the one he had managed to summon was a truly powerful Creature, which could potentially attack him if it was given the chance.
"... What are the chances that this Monster will also be too strong for my current Rank?" Lux turned to ask his trusted strategist who only flashed him a cheeky smile.
"Master, I think the Animate Undead skill has this risk as well," Asmodeus replied. "Only us and the members of your Covenant will be around your level of strength. Even so, having stronger allies is a good thing. Of course, there's a problem as well. If they are too strong, they may not obey you."
Lux nodded. "Nothing ventured, nothing gained. Let's do this."
The Half-Elf took out the body of the Grim Butcher Nightwalker and activated his Animate Undead Skill.
—----------------
< You have chosen to revive a dead Abyssal Creature. >
< Choose which group you plan to register this Unique Creature under >
Choice 1: Necromancer's Covenant
Choice 2: Make the Unique Creature a member of your Animate Undead Legion.
—----------------
Lux chose the second option because he wanted to add the Abyssal Creature to his Animate Undead Legion.
—----------------
< Choose between the two options for the Revival of your Undead Creature >
Choice 1: Revive the Creature as a Specter
Choice 2: Revive the Creature using Advance Customization
—----------------
Lux once again chose the second option because he preferred to freely customize what profession the creature would have when it was revived.
—----------
< You have chosen to use the Advance Customization option.
< Take note that the choices here only show the types of Profession they can revive into. Their abilities and appearance are decided randomly >
< If you are going to choose a Profession that has a low percentage of success, the chances of reviving the creature will decrease drastically. If the revival fails, the corpse, as well as the materials used for the Advance Customization method will disappear. >
< To increase the chances of success, select the Profession you like and pool in resources to increase its percentage! >
<[Possible transformations of your Animated Undead]>
Abyss Walker - 100%
Shadow Creature - 84%
Returned Drifter - 77%
Deathlock Wight - 52%
Ebon Knight - 33%
Grim Rider - 16%
Shadow Lord - 4%
—----------
"Hmm…" Lux rubbed his chin as he looked at the options in front of him.
When it came to Beast Cores, he had used almost all of them to upgrade his body constitution.
What was left were Deimos-Ranked and above Cores, which the Half-Elf didn't plan to use anytime soon.
The only resources he had right now were the dead bodies of the insects that he had collected after the battle in the Shaufell Plains.
"What if…" Lux decided to do an experiment that could help him overcome the hurdle of having limited Beast Cores at his disposal.
The first thing he did was to offer the corpse of a Red-Striped Mosquito as an ingredient to increase the Shadow Lord profession. He had never done this before, and he was wondering what the final outcome would become.
—----------
< You have offered a Red-Striped Mosquito as a resource to upgrade the rating of the Shadow Lord Profession. >
< Checking Resource Value… >
< This is a Common Monster. It is not enough to raise the rating of your chosen profession. The Red-Striped Mosquito will now be destroyed. >
—----------
"Oh? So it doesn't accept common monsters? Then how about Rank 1 Monsters?" Lux took out an Obsidian Spite Mosquito, which was a Rank 1 Monster, and offered it as a resource to raise the rating of the Shadow Lord Profession.
—--------
< This is a Rank 1 Monster. It is not enough to raise the rating of your chosen profession. The Obsidian Spite Mosquito will now be destroyed. >
—--------
Lux didn't hesitate and threw another monster corpse. This time it was an Iron-Scaled Torment Mosquito which was a Rank 2 Monster.
—--------
 < This is a Rank 2 Monster. It is not enough to raise the rating of your chosen profession. The Iron-Scaled Mosquito will now be destroyed. >
< Warning! You have attempted to use three lower-ranked Monsters in order to raise the rating of a Unique Profession. If you plan to use Monster Corpses as offerings, you can only use Rank 4 Monsters and above >
—--------
Lux scratched his head after reading the new information that appeared in front of him. He thought that he could use brute force to raise the rating of his Animated Undead Creature, but the price he had to pay was quite high.
He had the corpses of several Rank 4 and Rank 5 Monsters, like the Horned Harlequin Mosquito and the Diabolical Doom Mosquito, which were very strong monsters.
However, he had given these corpses to Asmodeus to allow the Archlich to conduct his experiments.
The only ones he had on hand were low-ranking monsters that he planned to use as fodder for his Corpse Explosion Skill.
Asmodeus wasn't able to stop himself from chuckling after seeing his Master's depressed expression, so he offered a suggestion.
"Master, why don't you wait until we receive the Deimos and Argonaut-Ranked Bones from Baronar?" Asmodeus proposed. "He promised that he will give us Rank 5 and below Beast Bones as well. Perhaps that will help you increase the Shadow Lord's rating."
Lux sighed before reluctantly nodding his head. "I guess we have no choice but to do that."
After choosing Unique Professions like Dragon Knight and Fallen Wargod, Lux was determined to choose the rarest profession for his subordinates.
So far, he hadn't been disappointed with his choices because his Dragon Knight and Fallen Wargod were both strong warriors.
Although he didn't know what a Shadow Lord was capable of doing, its name sounded badass, which made Lux even more determined to get it.
For the time being, Lux put the Abyssal Monster's revival on hold until he got the resources from Baronar.
The Half-Elf would rather wait for a few hours than miss out on the chance of acquiring a powerful new subordinate under his wing.
"Master, what are you planning to give the Orc Chieftain as a present for your first meeting?" Asmodeus asked in order to change the atmosphere inside the room.
"Draconium Ore," Lux replied. "I'm sure that they would love to have this rare ore to craft some Legendary Equipment for the upcoming war."
Right now, the Draconium Ore was the most precious material he possessed, and he planned to use it to gain the favor of powerful factions.
Even Saints like his stepfather, Alexander, and Cai's Grandpa, Maximilian, were very interested in the Draconium Ore.
Because of this, he decided to use a few of the ores to build closer ties with the ruler of the Orcs, and perhaps allow him to get one step closer to his ultimate goal of acquiring their Twin Flames.
"Everyone, please be in your best behavior," Lux said as he looked at his companions. "We will be dining with the Orc Chieftain. Our purpose for coming here in the Blackrock Clan's Main Stronghold is still not known to them.
"Baronar said that he already mentioned our goal of coming here to their Orc Chieftain. I don't know if they will become hostile or not, so be prepared to teleport to the Guild Headquarters at a moment's notice. Do I make myself clear?"
Everyone nodded their heads with the exception of Cethus, who would remain in the residence because of his injuries.
"... Are you just going to leave me here?" Cethus asked after hearing the Half-Elf's plan.
Lux shook his head. "I won't leave you behind. I will be taking you with us."
"How? I'm injured," Cethus replied.
Lux smirked before pointing at the Baby Slime that was perched on top of his head.
"Eiko can store you inside her body," Lux explained. "So, when she swallows you, make sure to not resist. This is the only way for you to accompany us back to the Guild Headquarters in case of an emergency."
Cethus frowned because the idea of being swallowed whole by the Baby Slime on Lux's head didn't sound like a good thing. However, being left behind in the Orc Encampment was worse.
"F-Fine." Cethus reluctantly agreed. "But, are you sure it is safe?"
"Yes," Lux replied. "We have done it once in the past."
When the red-headed teenager rescued the Dwarf Princess from the members of Twilight Rain, he made sure to bring the son of the Baron, Clyde, with him. Back then the Dwarf boy was unconscious so Eiko didn't have any problem storing him inside her body.
Of course, Lux didn't know what it was like to be inside Eiko's body because he never experienced it before. All he knew was that as long as Cethus was with his Baby Slime, they would be able to escape immediately if need be.
"Eiko, go eat him up."
"Pa!"
The Baby Slime jumped off the Half-Elf's head and landed beside Cethus. She then opened up her mouth widely, and sucked up the Dragon Born as if he was some kind of fruit juice.
"Ohhhhh!"
Laura and Livia were amazed after seeing such a scene. They didn't know that Eiko was capable of such a feat, and wondered if their own Baby Slimes could do the same thing.
"Cora, can you do that?" Laura asked her Baby Slime, and the latter shook her head firmly.
"Nora, can you?" Livia patted her Baby Slime's head, and Nora only shook her head as a reply.
After completing her mission, Eiko crawled back up to her Papa's head and hummed happily. Clearly, she was very happy whenever she helped Lux with something.
Five minutes after Cethus had been swallowed up by Eiko, Lux and his party heard a knock on the door of their residence.
"I have come to pick you all up," the Orc Shaman who had escorted Lux and the others to their residence said through the door. "Let's go. Her Excellency doesn't like to be kept waiting."
Lux exchanged glances with his comrades, and all of them nodded back at him. They had already made their preparations for the worst case scenario. Their only hope was that the Blackrock Clan wouldn't turn hostile, the moment they stated their purpose for coming to the Capital City of the Orcs.
—----------
Inside the Main Hall of the Stronghold…
"It is an honor to be invited to dine with you, Your Excellency," Lux said as he bowed respectfully to the Orc Chieftain of the Blackrock Clan. "My name is Lux Von Kaizer, and these are my companions. We thank you for your hospitality."
"Raise your head, Lux Von Kaizer," the Orc Chieftain replied. "You are a guest, and we don't want our guests to be bowing their heads excessively now do we?"
Lux did as he was told and gazed at the Orc Chieftain, who was looking back at him with a smile.
Barca sat on her right side, while Flamma sat on the left.
The Half-Orc was looking at Lux with a determined gaze as if he wanted to bite the red-headed teenager's head off.
The other Orc Warlords were also in the room, and sat at the sides. Just like their Orc Chieftain, all of them were eyeing the Half-Elf with critical gazes as if they wanted to dissect him from head to foot, with the exception of Baronar who seemed to be in a very good mood.
"Your performance earlier was noteworthy," the Orc Chieftain stated. "Although you still haven't become a Ranker, your future is quite promising. Oh, where are my manners? I am the Orc Chieftain of the Blackrock Clan. I will personally allow you to call me Lady Avyanna. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, young Lux."
Lux was about to offer another bow, but stopped himself in time because he remembered the Orc Chieftain's words earlier about bowing excessively.
"Lady Avyanna, thank you for allowing us to dine in your presence," Lux replied.
Lady Avyanna nodded and made a gesture for Lux and his friends to sit at the table that was prepared for them.
As soon as everyone was properly seated, the Orc Chieftain clapped her hands.
A few seconds later, several Orc Lady's entered the room carrying food platters, which they placed on each table. It didn't take long before everyone's tables were filled with many Orc delicacies.
There were several dishes that they had never seen before, but after using his Soul Book, the Half-Elf found out that all of them were safe to eat.
The Orc Chieftain was being considerate and only gave them food that could be eaten by Humans, which were roasted fowl, and wild boar stew. Several sliced fruits were also laid out for them, which made Laura and Livia very happy.
 "Humans and Dwarves have this tradition of toasting others during special occasions," Lady Avyanna said as she raised her wine cup. "Since we rarely have guests, I call for a toast for everyone's good health. Cheers!"
"""Cheers!"""
Everyone also raised their cups and drank heartily. Naturally, Lux and the other youngsters didn't drink wine.
Only Randolph and Grandma Annie drank them because their tolerance for alcoholic beverages were quite high.
Lady Avyanna officially declared the feast to begin, so everyone just ate for the time being.
Lux felt as if this was the calm before the storm, so he made sure to enjoy the meal in front of him, as if it was his last.
When the feast was halfway done, Lady Avyanna placed her wine cup on top of the table and asked Lux the question that had been on her mind since Baronar brought them to the Orc Capital of Ludrar Bragh.
"Tell me, Lux, was the duel between you and my son a setup that you made?" Lady Avyanna asked.
Flamma, who was seated beside her, suddenly stiffened after hearing his mother's question. The young Half-Orc then tried to recall the events after he appeared inside Lux's temporary residence.
His original goal for coming to see their guests was to find out what they were like. Of course, he had also intended to see how strong they were, but he didn't have a good excuse to have a sparring match with them.
However, when he heard Cethus' proposal of stealing the Twin Flames of their Clan, he thought that he found the right opportunity to make his appearance, and force them to fight him.
But, instead of him proposing the idea, it was the red-headed teenager who did it. Back then, he didn't think much about it because it was his plan all along.
Now that he was thinking properly, he suddenly realized that the Half-Elf might have already planned to use this as an opportunity to make him a stepping stone in order to gain influence in the Blackrock Clan.
The sound of something breaking reached everyone's ears as Flamma broke the wine cup in his hand due to the anger he felt after realizing that he had been used as a stepping stone by the Half-Elf, who was sitting across from him.
"Yes," Lux replied without batting an eye. "When Flamma entered our residence unannounced, I knew that he came looking for trouble. I just gave him what he wanted, so the fault lies with him."
"You basta–!" Flamma was about to smash his fist on the table to vent out his anger, but suddenly caught himself just in time. He had almost forgotten where he was, and the people around him.
 Fortunately, he didn't smash the table because his parents were also eating at the same table.
If he weren't able to stop himself, the one who would get smashed next would definitely be him.
Because of this, he had no choice but to reign in his anger and glared hatefully at the shameless Half-Elf, who even winked in his direction.
"Baronar has already told me that you and your group have come here for the Twin Flames," Lady Avyanna stated. "Many have come before you, and all of them left empty handed. Some of them weren't even able to leave like that one arrogant Dragon Born that came here ten years ago.
"The fool called us Low-Landers, and demanded that we surrendered the Twin Flames to him or else the Dragons would come down from their floating Kingdom and tear us apart. The fool had it coming to him."
Lady Avyanna then gave the Half-Elf a devilish smile, as she lightly tapped the armrest of her chair.
"So, do you think you have what it takes to take our Twin Flames from us, Lux?" Lady Avyanna asked.
"As long as the possibility exists, we will strive to take the Twin Flames," Lux replied. "Lord Baronar already told us the conditions for acquiring the Transcendent Flames. The first one is to defeat His Excellency, Barca. However, it is impossible for any of us to accomplish such a thing."
Lady Avyanna nodded. "So, you plan to do the second option, am I right?"
"Yes, Lady Avyanna."
"Good luck with that."
The Orc Warlords, with the exception of Baronar all chuckled because they knew that it was impossible for Lux to gain an accomplishment that would make the entirety of the Blackrock Clan acknowledge him.
A feat that would be as amazing as the Twin Flames, which they had protected for more than half a century.
Even Flamme laughed at the Half-Elf because he, too, didn't believe that the one who defeated him was capable of doing such a thing.
It was at that moment when Baronar spoke up, making his companions look at him in a weird manner.
"If these were ordinary times then yes, it is impossible for our guests to accomplish such a task," Baronar stated. "But, these are not ordinary times."
The Great Orc Shaman paused as he twirled the wine inside his winecup, catching everyone's attention.
"We are at war, and I have a feeling that in this war, the humans have prepared adequately in order to bypass our defenses," the Great Orc Shaman continued. "Also, our allies may use this opportunity to weaken our Clan considerably before they come in to help us. Right now, we have our backs against the wall.
"On one side, we have the Haca Dynasty, on the other side, we have our allies, who didn't wish for our clan to grow stronger. Perhaps, they are afraid that we are going to expand our Domain in the Wanid kingdom when we reach a certain point."
The other Orc Warlords stopped laughing, and their expressions became solemn after hearing Baronar's words.
They knew that their Clan was strong, but right now, it was not enough to single handedly resist the upcoming Human invasion, who greatly outnumbered them by a hundred to one.
Barca and Lady Avyanna, who didn't join the Orc Warlords in their laughter, only smiled. They were not fools.
Both of them already made a contingency plan if things went south. Their plan was to evacuate the Orcs from the Western Border, and retreat deeper inside the Wanid Kingdom.
Once the Human armies penetrated deep inside their territory, the other Pillars could no longer watch idly from the side, and would be forced to unite and repel the invaders back to their homelands.
When everyone had quieted down, Lady Avyanna once again spoke in order to catch everyone's attention.
"Our Great Orc Shaman is right," Lady Avyanna commented. "We used to live in peaceful times, so there was no opportunity for outsiders to do anything that could impress the entirety of the Blackrock Clan. However, we are now at war. If he can do something that will earn everyone's recognition then it will be possible for us to 'Loan' them the Twin Flames."
Lux's ears perked up when he heard the word "Loan".
Clearly, the Orc Chieftain had no intention of fully relinquishing the Twin Flames to outsiders. Although this arrangement wasn't part of the plan he had in mind, the Half-Elf could tell that this was the best compromise that the Blackrock Clan would be willing to give them.
"We Orcs follow the Law of the Jungle," Barca stated. "Only the strong will prevail. If he can really do something in this war then we will consider his appeal. However, it must be truly something great. For example… kidnapping the King of the Haca Dynasty and dragging him back here to Ludrar Bragh."
"Wait! I have a better idea," the Orc Raider, Tanabur, said with a smirk. "If he can single-handedly wipe out the entirety of the Haca Dynasty's army then I will acknowledge it as a great feat."
"Oh! This is a good idea," Mogazar commented. "I will agree to this as well."
"If he is able to accomplish such a thing, he will get my acknowledgement," Oreg, the Orc Warlord Berserker, crossed his arms over his chest.
Back in the Dungeon of Dominion, Oreg had died. However, in the true history of the Blackrock Clan, he didn't die, which allowed the Blackrock Clan to retain the strength of its Orc Berserker Warriors.
"I, too, will recognize him if he manages to accomplish this grand undertaking," Flamma declared. "I will even call him Master and become his subordinate if that were to happen."
Lux's companions glanced at their leader with worried gazes because they didn't know how the Half-Elf would reply to the challenge given to him by the Orcs.
The red-headed teenager simply remained silent, and allowed the Higher-Ups of the Blackrock Clan to underestimate him.
The only one who knew of his true Profession was Baronar.
Everyone else just thought of the red-headed teenager as a Summoner that could summon slightly powerful creatures that allowed him to defeat Deimos-Ranked creatures and below.
What they didn't know was that the Half-Elf was laughing inside his heart.
This wasn't the first time that Lux fought in a large-scale war.
After his last battle in the Sacred Dungeon, the Half-Elf had fully understood what his Undead Legion was capable of doing. For now, he simply endured the ridicule that Flamma and the other Warlords were hurling in his direction.
Only Barca, and Lady Avyanna felt the silent confidence that was oozing out of the Half-Elf's body, which made them feel that they might have made the wrong decision, and unknowingly invited a wolf in sheep's clothing to join them for dinner.
"I thought the Half-Elf would be intimidated upon hearing the others say that they would only recognize him if he managed to wipe out the entire army of the Haca Dynasty," Barca said as he laid down on the huge bed. "But his reaction and his body language earlier made me feel like such a requirement wasn't a big deal to him."
Lady Avyanna nodded as she looked outside the window of their room with her arms crossed over her chest.
"That boy isn't simple. The storage ring he offered to me as a gift earlier contained 10 Draconium Ores," Lady Avyanna stated. "This alone proves that he has a strong backing.
"But I just can't imagine him accomplishing a feat that would make the entire Clan recognize his achievements. True, beating Flamma in the duel earned him some kind of recognition, as well as respect from the tribe.
"However, that alone will not suffice for them to have a unanimous decision of giving away the Twin Flames. I had a talk with Flamma earlier and asked him the real reason why he accepted Lux's proposal to the duel. He said that the Dragon Born, who suddenly disappeared this afternoon, had mentioned that they should just steal the Twin Flames while we were fighting on the front lines."
Barca arched an eyebrow after hearing his wife's explanation.
"The Draconium Ore is indeed a good thing. It can help us craft a few Legendary Items if the crafting process is successful." Barca replied. "About stealing the Twin Flames while we are on the front lines, even if they want to steal it, they will not be able to steal it. Many have tried and failed. All of them are now dead, and their remains have been burnt until only ashes were left."
Lady Avyanna smiled as she walked towards the bed where her husband was lying down.
Truth be told, Lady Avyanna was weaker than Barca. The only reason why she sat at the helm of the Blackrock Clan was due to her being an exceptional strategist. It was because of her that the invasion by the Haca Dynasty many years ago failed miserably.
It was then when the Blackrock Clan and Barca fell in love with her and Barca married her. With the blessing of the entire clan, they recognized her as the Orc Chieftain, which allowed her to attain her current position.
"Let's not talk about Lux for the time being," Lady Avyanna said. "We should just rest. We will depart for the front lines tomorrow before sunrise."
"Avyanna, what do you think? Are we going to lose this time around?"
"I won't be able to answer this question until I see their forces for myself. But I have a feeling that our clan will suffer a lot from this confrontation."
The Orc Chieftain laid beside her husband, and the latter hugged her close to him.
"Let's minimize the casualties to the bare minimum," Barca replied. "We can't let the Clan weaken too much."
"I understand." Lady Avyanna buried her head on her husband's chest to seek the sense of security that she needed during these troubled times. "Even if the first Fortress gets overrun, they will have to pay a heavy price for it."
While the husband and wife comforted each other, Lux and Baronar also finished their discussion.
"So, will you be going with us to the front lines, while your other companions stay here in the capital city?" Baronar inquired.
Lux nodded. "Yes, Your Excellency. Only I will go to the front lines with you tomorrow."
"I see…" Baronar frowned. "Is this because of what happened during dinner? Don't let their words get to you. They're just feeling anxious about the upcoming war, so they are venting their frustrations on you."
"Don't worry, Your Excellency, I am not bothered by what Flamma and the other Orc Warlords said earlier," Lux replied. "I am just curious to know how the wars between two Kingdoms are conducted. This will be a good opportunity to watch two armies in action."
Of course, Lux didn't tell Baronar that he had already witnessed large-scale battles between two Kingdoms. However, he didn't lie when he said that he wanted to watch how the Blackrock Clan and the Haca Dynasty would fight against each other.
He wanted to know what weapons of war they would mobilize, or what strategy they would use during the war.
He wanted to expand his knowledge when it came to warfare because with the forces he could summon right now, it was possible for him to completely subdue an entire village, and a small town, if he set his mind to it.
Of course, Lux had no intention of doing that. It was just that he had reached a certain level where he was capable enough to take over small territories if the need for it arose.
"Rest as soon as you can," Baronar stated. "We will leave before sunrise. That will give us enough time to reach the Stronghold of Vuddun Akh before the army of the Haca Dynasty arrives."
"Understood." Lux nodded. "Goodnight, Your Excellency, and thank you for the Beast Bones."
 "No. It is I who should thank you," Baronar replied. "Getting Beast Bones is easy, but getting my hands on an Abyssal Core is a matter of pure luck. Well then, see you in a few hours."
The Great Orc Shaman left Lux's residence to return to his own quarters. His subordinates had already prepared everything he would need for the journey, so he had more free time to master the new skill he acquired from the Abyssal Core that he had absorbed earlier.
Lux, on the other hand, closed the door of his room and summoned Asmodeus. Earlier, they had paused the revival of the Undead Abyssal Creature due to lack of resources.
But after Baronar gave the Half-Elf a storage ring containing the Beast Bones he promised, the amount he received exceeded his expectations.
80 Rank 4 Beast Bones
50 Rank 5 Beast Bones
2 Deimos-Ranked Beast Bones
2 Argonaut-Ranked Beast Bones
That was the number of resources that Baronar had given Lux in exchange for the Abyssal Core in his possession.
"Master, let's store the 2 Deimos-Ranked Beast Bones and the 2 Argonaut-Ranked Beast Bones for the time being," Asmodeus proposed. "It will be best if you use the skill Animate Undead to revive them when you become a Ranker. That way, most of their Rank will be preserved."
"Sounds like a plan." Lux agreed with the Archlich's proposal.
"I have another proposal for you, Master."
"Speak."
Asmodeus smirked. "How about you just revive all the Rank 5 Beast Bones so that your Animate Undead Legion will finally have a sizable force that you can summon at any given time? As for the Shadow Lord… you can make him the newest member of your Covenant. How does that sound?"
Lux pondered a bit before nodding his head.
"This is also good. With this, we will truly have a sizable force under our command." Lux replied. "Right now, most of my Summons—like the Skeleton Gang Bangers—are Rank 4 Monsters. If we revive Rank 5 Monsters, their strength will degrade by a Rank, making them Rank 4 monsters as well.
"As for making the Shadow Lord a new member of the Covenant… I think this is good as well. Each member of the Covenant can have their own subordinates, and I have a feeling that our new ally would be able to demonstrate his true might if he can command his own forces in battle. Very well, I will follow your advice, Asmodeus."
Lux then once again summoned the corpse of the Grim Butcher Nightwalker in order to finish what he had started.
With the resources that he acquired, it was now possible to summon another Unique Creature that would open new options on how Lux, and his Undead Legion, would fight in large-scale battles.
Lux stared at the option in front of him with a satisfied look on his face.
After using all the Rank 4 Beast Bones in his possession, he finally achieved the goal he had in mind.
In the past, he took a lot of chances. But now, he wanted a higher percentage rating to ensure that the chances of success were higher.  This proved how serious Lux was into getting a Shadow Lord subordinate.
—----------
<[Possible transformations of your Animated Undead]>
Shadow Lord - 84%
< Do you wish to start the revival? >
< Yes / No >
—----------
Lux took a deep breath before choosing the Yes option in order to start the revival of his new ally. Although he had done this process a few times already, he couldn't help but feel anxious every time he did it.
Suddenly the corpse of the Abyssal Creature disintegrated and formed a dark mist that hovered in front of Lux.
—----------
< Revival progress… 1% >
< Revival progress… 23% >
< Revival progress… 48% >
< Revival progress… 62% >
< Revival progress… 88% >
< Revival progress… 100% >
< Congratulations! >
< You have made the Shadow Lord a new member of your Covenant! >
< Please give him a name. >
—----------
A two-meter tall creature, whose face was hidden by the hood covering its face, stood in front of Lux.
Dark mist oozed out of his body, making him look like one of those evil bosses in games that the hero encounters near the end of the story.
"Draven," Lux said as he stared at the Shadow Lord, who had knelt like a knight in front of him. "From now on, your name is Draven."
—----------
< Draven >
"Are you afraid of the Dark?"
– Shadow Lord
– Nightmare Personified
– Rating: SSS
Health: 216,000 / 216,000
Mana: 470,000 / 470,000
Strength: 1450
Intelligence: 2250
Vitality: 1360
Agility: 1200
Dexterity: 1200
Unique Skill: Summon Shadow Warriors [EX], One With Shadows [EX], Shadow Steal [EX], Life Sense [EX], Shadow Armaments [EX], Shadow Swap [EX], Summon Shadow Demon [EX], Walking Nightmare [EX], Abyss Touch [EX]
Active Skill: Summon Death Scythe, Shadow Blast, Shadow Bind, Armor of Shadows, Shadow Ray.
Passive Skill: Night Vision, Heat Vision, Shadow Body, Shadow Flight.
Unique Ability: Nightmare's Shadow
—------
< Shadow Bind >
– Once the Shadow Lord, a Shadow Warrior, or a Shadow Demon steps on a creature's shadow, that creature's movement and attack speed will decrease by 50%
– Once the Shadow Lord, a Shadow Warrior, or a Shadow Demon steps on a creature's shadow, that creature's Health, Mana, and Stamina Regeneration will decrease by 50%
—------
< Nightmare's Shadow >
– Draven's stats will always be a perfect replica of Lux Von Kaizer's stats.
– Draven can copy the appearance of Lux Von Kaizer.
—----------
< Summon Shadow Warriors [EX] >
– Summon Shadow Warriors that are two Ranks lower than Draven.
– Maximum number of shadows that can be summoned is 50
 – Number of Shadows will increase by 50 each time Lux Von Kaizer's Rank increases.
—----------
< One With Shadows [EX] >
– Can travel through the shadows of allies and inanimate objects.
—----------
Shadow Steal [EX]
– Draven can steal the shadow of the creature he has personally killed, acquiring that person's memories and experiences.
– Draven can store up to 5 shadows at any given time.
– Draven can replace any of the shadows with a new one if he wishes.
– Draven will be able to transform into the appearance of the people or Creatures whose shadows he has in his possession.
—----------
Life Sense [EX]
– Draven will be able to detect any kind of lifeform in its surroundings, even if that creature has used a skill like invisibility or has transformed into an inanimate object.
—----------
Shadow Armaments [EX]
– Draven can use the power of Shadows to create any kind of weapon it wishes.
– This skill will be more effective when used alongside the skill, Shadow Steal [EX], allowing Draven to use the Weapon Mastery, and Weapon Expertise, of the Creatures whose shadows he has stolen.
—----------
Shadow Swap [EX]
– Exchange places with an Ally or Enemy within a range of 200 meters.
—----------
Summon Shadow Demon [EX]
– Merge all the Shadow Warriors together to create an Alpha Monster whose Rank would be equivalent to Draven.
– Only one Shadow Demon can be created at any given time.
—----------
< Walking Nightmare [EX] >
– has a 20% chance of inflicting Fear on any creature within a 300-meter radius around the Shadow Lord.
– Opponents under the effect of Fear will be unable to attack the Shadow Lord and his allies.
—------
"T-This…," Lux stuttered after seeing the information about Draven in his Soul Book.
Even Asmodeus was speechless after reading his new ally's abilities. What he saw made him think that Draven was very similar to him.
Asmodeus' Unique Ability was to replicate all of Lux's Skills, with the exception of using his Dragon War Arts.
Draven's, on the other hand, was to replicate Lux's stats, giving him the same strength as the Half-Elf.
Not only that, the Shadow Lord also possessed some amazing abilities that would make him perfect for espionage and spying missions.
The ability to copy the appearance, memory, and weapon mastery of the creature whom he managed to steal a shadow from was simply terrifying. It had so many uses that Asmodeus couldn't stop himself from formulating scenarios for how it would prove useful for their faction.
Draven, who had been bestowed a name by Lux, stood up and gave the Half-Elf a deep bow.
As if waiting for that moment, the other member of Lux's Covenant also appeared in front of him and bowed respectfully to their Master.
Bedivere, Zagan, ALL-MITE, and Draven, all bowed their heads and spoke in unison.
"""We of the Covenant swear to protect you. While we live, none shall defeat you!"""
Lux felt something warm spreading inside his chest because he could feel the intense determination of his Knights to carry out their sworn oath.
Because of this, he nodded his head in acknowledgement and asked them to raise their heads.
"My Knights, dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy. I am not perfect, and I am bound to make mistakes along the way. Even so, I ask all of you to stand by me, and protect me at all costs."
"""By your will, Master."""
After making their Oaths, the members of Lux's Covenant all turned into particles of light, with the exception of Draven.
The Shadow Lord took a step forward and merged with Lux's shadow. His role was to serve as Lux's bodyguard 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
"Pa!"
Eiko, who had been quiet the whole time, jumped off Lux's head and landed in front of him.
The Baby Slime then looked up at his Papa with a smile and reminded him of something that made the Half-Elf chuckle.
"Don't worry, you will be coming with me tomorrow," Lux said as he crouched down to pick up the baby slime, who started to giggle in his hands. "We will see just what kind of tricks the Haca Dynasty have under their sleeve."
"Un!" Eiko happily nodded her head.
The baby slime was afraid that Lux would leave her with Grandma Annie and the others and go to the battlefield alone.
As someone who was a battle junkie, Eiko didn't want to miss this opportunity to accompany her Papa on the frontlines, where a large-scale war was about to take place.
Eiko hummed while perched on top of Lux's head.
The Half-Elf was currently following the procession of the Orc Army from the rear.
Before going, he asked Gerhart to look after Randolph, Grandma Annie, Laura, Livia, and Cethus at the capital city of the Orcs.
If the Blackrock Clan was able to repel the invaders, then that would be for the best. For the time being, his sole intention was to observe and learn a few things from large-scale wars.
Lux had also expected that the last gate of the Sacred Dungeon, the Gate of Famine, would revolve around wars.
Ever since he entered the Sacred Dungeon, it had always been Kingdoms fighting against each other. This gave everyone the impression that the last gate would throw them in the middle of another war, whose magnitude would be bigger than any that they had faced before.
In order to prepare for this upcoming battle, Lux wanted to learn different strategies in order to cope with the ever-changing battle between tens of thousands of warriors on the battlefield.
They had already been traveling for nearly four days, and according to his estimate, they would soon arrive at the location of the Stronghold of the Orcs, which served as their first line of defense against the Haca Dynasty.
Suddenly, the sound of a horn spread in the surroundings, making the Orcs hasten their advance. Lux didn't know the meaning behind it, but the Orcs who were in front of him suddenly started to jog and then run at full speed.
It was then that Lux saw it.
In the distance, black smoke was rising up the sky. It was so thick that it could only mean one thing.
Something was burning, and that something was something very big.
"Jed, let's fly!" Lux ordered his Thunder Warg King, and the latter obeyed his command.
After rising in the air, Lux saw in the distance that the Stronghold of the Orcs was burning.
Loud rumbling sounds of explosions reached his ears, proving that a battle was currently underway. Just based on the thick smoke that was rising from the fortress, the Half-Elf inferred that the battle had been going on for quite some time, and the one on the losing end was the Orcs.
While the entire Blackrock Clan was hurrying, several individuals had already charged up ahead in order to reach the Stronghold as quickly as possible.
Barca was at the lead, followed closely by Lady Avyanna.
The other Orc Warlords, namely Baronar (Great Orc Shaman), Tanabur (Orc Raider), Oreg (Orc Berserker), and Mogazar (Orc Hunter) were not far behind.
"Catch up to them, Jed," Lux commanded.
The Thunder Warg King growled in acknowledgment and activated its Lightning Steps, allowing it to travel faster.
Five minutes later, they arrived at their destination, and the sight that welcomed Lux's eyes was the intense battle that was happening inside the Orc Fortress.
The enemy had still not breached the gates, but they were fighting on the ramparts.
Fireballs rained down from the sky, burning everything they hit. Bodies that were burned to a crisp littered the interior of the Fortress, which made Barca roar in anger.
"Kill!" Barca ordered as soon as he entered the Fortress through the backdoor.
The Empyrean-Ranked Alpha Monster leaped through the air and landed on the ramparts. With one swing of his battle axe, all of those who were scaling the walls were instantly sliced in half, dropping down on the ground, crushing those who were unlucky enough to be along their way.
The other Orc Warlords also went on a killing spree and annihilated every enemy that they had set their eyes on.
Lux simply observed from the sky, but what he saw was enough to make him understand how strong Barca was.
"He's really different from the Barca I once knew," Lux thought as he looked at the Half-Orc, whose blood-shot eyes thirsted for the blood of his enemies.
As if waiting for that moment, several horns were blown, giving the signal for the Army of the Haca Dynasty to retreat.
However, Barca, who was enraged by the death of his kinsmen, jumped off the ramparts in order to follow the retreating soldiers.
However, as soon as he did that, several Battle Spirits wrapped their arms around his body and pulled him back to where he jumped off.
"Get a hold of yourself, Barca!" Lady Avyanna shouted. "This is not the time to fall into the enemy's trap!"
The Orc Chieftain's words stopped Barca from resisting and finally calmed him down. Only when she was sure that her husband was thinking straight did Lady Avyanna release him from her hold.
Barca looked at the Army in front of him and noticed something different. According to his estimate, the enemies in front of him only numbered around 50,000, which was a very small number for an invading army.
When the Haca Dynasty previously tried to invade the Wanid Kingdom, they had sent over a million troops. Seeing this small number made Barca suspect that he was just seeing things.
'What's going on here?' Barca thought as he glanced beside his wife, who also had a frown on her face.
"We are expecting their main army to arrive in two days' time," Lady Avyanna said softly. "If my assumption is correct, this is just the Vanguards, who are supposed to secure the location of their Main Camp. It seems that the one leading them is very eager to gain some merits, so he ordered them to attack the Fortress as soon as possible before their main army arrived."
Barca snorted after hearing his wife's explanation. "Wouldn't now be the best time to wipe them out before their main force arrives? Why did you stop me?"
"Calm down, Barca," Baronar said as soon as he arrived at the ramparts. "The years of peace have dulled your senses a bit. The one leading this force is also an Empyrean… and, there are helpers with them who have similar strengths to us as well."
"So you're saying that they didn't attack just because they felt like it, right?" Oreg, who had also climbed up the ramparts said as he crossed his arms over his chest. "If they really had an Empyrean and warriors as strong as us, why didn't they attack and take over the Fortress on their own?"
Just as the Orc Chieftain was about to reply, a loud, and confident voice reached their ears.
"Because that would be boring!"
Lady Avyanna, Barca, and the four Orc Warlords all shifted their gaze to the man standing in the very center of the enemy's battle formation.
He was wearing golden armor that really stood out from the rest as if he wanted people to see him among the masses of soldiers that were on the battlefield.
 "What we did was just a warm-up," the Commander of the Vanguard replied. "We are just killing time while we wait for the main army to arrive."
"Killing time?" Barca scoffed. "Thousands of your soldiers died, and you call that killing time?"
"Yes," the Commander of the Vanguard crossed his arms over his chest. "The men you killed were merely criminals and slaves. Their purpose was to serve as cannon fodders. We promised them that if they were to perform well in the war, their crimes would be forgiven and they would become free again. Unfortunately, you killed them all, so the promise ended with their death. I guess I should thank you for cleaning up the trash. So, thank you?"
The Commander of the Vanguard roared in laughter. His laughter was filled with ridicule, which grated Barca's and the Orc Warlords' ears. However, they didn't bother to reply to the man's provocation and simply assessed the damages that their Stronghold had received.
"Tend to the wounded," Lady Avyanna ordered the Captain of the Orc Archers that had come to greet her. "Gather them all at the keep. Our Main Forces will arrive soon, so focus on helping our clansmen first."
"Yes, Great Chieftain!" the Orc Archer replied and hurriedly barked orders to his subordinates to carry out their Great Chieftain's orders.
Lady Avyanna eyed the enemy Commander in the distance before turning her back to walk away.
The enemy's current forces were smaller than theirs, but something was telling her that she shouldn't recklessly send Barca and the other Orc Warlords to wipe out their forces.
Although a portion of the Orc Fortress was destroyed during the clash, they could easily be fixed by the Earth Mages that would arrive soon.
"Mogazar, you keep watch over our enemies for now," Lady Avyanna ordered. "Oreg, replace him after four hours. Tanabur will be the third to keep watch, then Barca. As for you, Baronar, erect a defensive barrier around the Fortress."
Barca and the Four Orc Warlords nodded their heads and obeyed their Orc Chieftain's orders.
As Lady Avyanna walked away, the frown on her face deepened. The attack on the Stronghold wasn't part of her calculations, which meant that their enemies were either very confident in their strength or just very stupid.
'I'd better prepare for the worst,' Lady Avyanna thought. 'I'm afraid that our defenses will not hold for long.'
While the Orc Chieftain was busy thinking of the next strategy they would use for the upcoming battle with the Haca Dynasty's main army, a certain Half-Elf was looking at the dead bodies within the Fortress with a regretful look on his face.
'Maybe I can ask Baronar for help,' Lux thought as he looked at the Human soldiers who had died under Barca's and the Orc Warlord's hateful counterattack. 'Leaving these dead bodies here is just so wasteful!'
In the Orcs' eyes, the value of Human corpses was limited to their armor and weapons that could be recycled to create new armor and weapons.
For the Half-Elf, the dead bodies were precious resources that he could use to activate his Necromancer Skills
This was the perfect example of the saying, one man's trash is another man's treasure.
For Lux, gathering all the dead bodies on the battlefield was simply an opportunity that was too good to be true.
After making up his mind, Lux hurriedly looked for Baronar in order to ask permission to collect the dead soldiers on the battlefield.
Although he didn't plan to join the battle anytime soon, that didn't mean that he couldn't profit from the outcome of the clash between the Haca Dynasty, and the Blackrock Clan.
—-------------
Rowan Tribe's Camp…
"Fei Fei, look over there. Isn't that strange?"
"Wei~"
"Right? I've been with my little sister all my life, but this is the first time I've seen her like this!"
 "Wei~"
Cai and Fei Fei were hiding in the shrubs as they looked at the unbelievable scene in the distance.
Cai's little sister, Rose, was busy reading a book with a smile on her face.
If the young beauty was just reading a book, then Cai wouldn't have reacted in this manner.
But her notorious little sister, who had been bullying her ever since she returned to the Rowan Tribe, was currently reading a book while leaning her body against a young man!
At that exact moment, the Second Priestess of the Rowan Tribe flipped the page of her book and sighed.
"You should eat more," Rose said as she adjusted her sitting position to make herself more comfortable. "You're almost all skin and bones."
The corner of Keane's lips rose as his arms wrapped around the young beauty's waist. He leaned down to whisper, "Alright. Let's eat together, okay? You're so light, a strong gust of wind could blow you away."
"That won't happen," Rose replied with a sweet smile as she flipped to the next page. "I know you won't let me get blown away."
"You're right." Keane's hold around her tightened. "Over my dead body.
Currently, the skinny swordsman was sitting on a tree stump, while Rose sat on his lap, with her head resting on his shoulder.
Cai wouldn't go as far as to call them a match made in heaven, but seeing the two together created a very peaceful and romantic scene that made Cai weep helplessly.
'Oh my God! They're so cheesy!' Cai squealed internally as she looked at the two important people in her life. 'My little sister has grown a lot. She now found a close friend she can talk to, while Little Swordy finally learned how to smile. I'm so proud of them!'
The more Cai looked at the two, the more she realized that Keane and Rose complimented each other.
Truth be told, Rose wasn't really a violent lady. She was strong-willed and did what she thought was right. Most of the time, she just wanted to read a good book in silence, letting the time fly past her.
Keane, on the other hand, was someone who was in pursuit of inner peace. He would often meditate alone and be one with his surroundings in the hope that he would attain enlightenment in order to be a step closer to the peace he was looking for.
Cai loved Rose very much, so she wanted to find the latter a good man.
This was why she was actively recruiting members for the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. Her goal was to find a suitable groom for her sister, who would love and take care of her for the rest of her life.
'Oh, what should I do? Should I tell Grandpa?' Cai thought before shaking her head. 'No. This is a very sensitive topic. Gramps might kick Little Swordy out of the Rowan Tribe if he finds out. Um, I'll just keep quiet for now and watch how things play out. Wait, maybe I should ask a friend in the Guild Chat. I wonder how they are doing right now?'
After opening her Guild Chat, Cai immediately sent a message to Grandma Annie, asking her for advice.
The kind Grandma of Leaf Village listened to Cai's explanation and offered some suggestions to her.
"For now, simply observe them from afar" Grandma Annie replied after Cai finished her tale. "Sometimes, it is best to not intervene and let nature take its course."
"Okay," Cai agreed with Grandma Annie's advice. "How are you guys doing in the Wanid Kingdom? Last time, Laura and Livia told me that you got attacked by Insect Swarms. Are you guys really alright?"
"We're fine, Cai. Lux managed to create a miracle and saved us all. However, right now, we're in a bit of a pinch."
"What happened?"
Grandma Annie explained their current situation like a gossipy Auntie to Cai, who liked to listen to gossip.
"As expected of Lux," Cai commented after Grandma Annie finished her story. "Well, I just hope that you guys will be able to accomplish your mission in the Wanid Kingdom. We are preparing a birthday party for when Lux returns, so he better come home in one piece, or else, Iris will kill him even if he is already dead."
Truth be told, Cai had just celebrated her birthday a few days ago.
Rose was sixteen, and Cai was eighteen. The Boar celebrated her birthday surrounded by family and friends.
Iris even came to the Rowan Tribe in order to participate in the festivities. Cai had strictly forbidden everyone, especially the members of Lux's Guild, to tell the Half-Elf about her birthday.
The High Priestess of the Rowan Tribe understood that Lux had many things to do, and he simply didn't have time to celebrate her birthday with her. However, Cai was fine with that.
For some reason, she didn't want to tell the Half-Elf that she had gotten a year older. Lux's birthday was coming up, and he would become seventeen soon.
She planned to prepare a nice present for the red-headed teenager, which would make the other party feel touched. In order to do that, she collaborated with Iris and asked for the things that Lux liked.
After getting her answer, the Boar rummaged through her Grandpa's treasury to look for a gift for her Guild Master. Fortunately, her effort bore fruit and she got what she wanted.
All she needed to do was wait for Lux to return so that she could celebrate his birthday alongside Iris, who was waiting patiently for her beloved to return to her arms.
"You want the human corpses?" Baronar arched an eyebrow.
"Yes!" Lux replied firmly. "I need them."
The Great Orc Shaman crossed his arms over his chest as he pondered Lux's request. Truth be told, the Orcs didn't care about the dead Humans.
 There had been a time when the Blackrock Clan ate Human meat, but those days were long over. Now, they would only eat Human meat as a last resort.
They were much more interested in the armor and weapons that the humans were using versus their dead bodies.
"I'll ask the Orc Chieftain on your behalf," Baronar stated after pondering for a few minutes. "Until then, don't intervene in the retrieval operation of my brethren. They might think that you are after our dead bodies as well."
Lux nodded his head in understanding.
The thought of taking the dead bodies of the Orcs never crossed his mind. For him, the members of the Blackrock Clan were like old-time friends, and he had no intention of desecrating the bodies of his old-time friends.
An hour later, the Orc Chieftain approved of Lux's request once Baronar revealed Lux's real profession.
Naturally, the Great Orc Shaman only revealed this information to his Orc Chieftain because he knew that their leader was someone who could see the bigger picture.
Warriors like Barca, Tanabur, Oreg, and Mogazar would not be as accommodating once they learned of Lux's true profession.
Although they hadn't had the chance to fight against Necromancers in the past, they had plenty of opportunities to fight Undead Monsters in one of the Dungeons that was located within their territory.
Fighting against the Undead was not only unprofitable but also gave them losses. The Undead were one of the most annoying Monsters in existence because one didn't know if they were truly dead.
There had been more than one occasion when these Monsters played dead and killed those who had been fooled into lowering their guard around them.
Lux, who had gained the Orc Chieftain's approval, started to store the dead bodies in his Bounty Rings, which could store up to twenty dead bodies.
He even asked his Master, Randolph, to forge as many of these rings as possible so that his Skeleton Gangbangers could always carry as many corpses as possible with them at any given time.
As long as they had sufficient corpses at their disposal, Lux would be able to use his skill, Corpse Explosion [EX], from a safe distance.
"Take as many as you can," Lux ordered his Named Creatures to collect the dead bodies that had been stripped of their weapons and armor.
The Orcs only gave the Half-Elf weird looks and wondered why he was collecting the dead bodies of the Humans.
When one of them asked Lux what he was going to do with the dead bodies, the Half-Elf only said that he was going to give them a proper burial. This explanation was accepted by the Orcs, and although the Humans were their enemies, they didn't find anything wrong with giving warriors proper burials.
'I never thought I'd get to see the day when I would feel happy about collecting dead bodies,' Lux thought wryly. 'My past self would definitely not even have the guts to poke a corpse with a 12-foot pole. I guess the harshness of this world has rubbed off on me.'
It didn't take long for the hundred Bounty Rings to be filled to the brim. The remaining Human corpses were then placed in large wagons that ALL-MITE pulled out of the Fortress.
Asmodeus accompanied the strongest member of Lux's Covenant in order to put the extra corpses to good use.
What the Archlich was planning to do was to summon his Liches to revive the dead bodies to make them part of their army.
Of course, doing this inside the Orc Fortress would cause a commotion, so they intended to do it a good distance away from the watchful eyes of the Blackrock Clan.
Hours passed and the standoff between the Vanguard of the Haca Dynasty and the Blackrock Clan was still in effect.
The Warriors that had left the capital city of the Orcs were now all inside the Fortress and had taken their positions in preparation for the upcoming war.
Mogazar, who was keeping close watch on their enemies, narrowed his eyes as he saw flickering lights on the horizon.
The sun had just set, and darkness was slowly falling into the land. However, due to his ability to see great distances, the Orc Hunter of the Blackrock Clan noticed a line of torches at the end of his vision, making him take a deep breath.
"Call the Orc Chieftain!" Mogazar ordered. "The Main Army of the Haca Dynasty has arrived!"
As soon as he gave the order, the Fortress immediately went on high alert as Lady Avyanna, Barca, Tanabur, Oreg, and Baronar, all came to the ramparts to see the approach of the enemy's main force.
"T-This…," Tanabur couldn't help but stutter after seeing the countless lights in the distance, which made his face look grim.
"By Macha's name… are we fighting all able-bodied men and women of the Haca Dynasty?" Oreg couldn't help but call upon the name of their War God when he saw the sheer number of enemies they were going to face.
In the war fifty years ago, the Haca Dynasty had sent out a little over a million Human soldiers to invade their lands.
However, right now, he was seeing at least ten times that number.
Perhaps, even more.
"My worst fears have come to pass," Lady Avyanna sighed. "It is possible that the Haca Dynasty conquered other lands within that fifty years, and used the resources and people of those lands to expand their military might. Now I understand why they dared to attack our camp even though they were just the Vanguard of their main army."
The Orcs inside the Fortress all had grim expressions on their faces. They didn't mind dying in battle, but at least, they wanted their deaths to be meaningful.
Looking at the sheer number of enemies in front of them, they couldn't help but feel as if their clan was fighting alone against the entire world.
Lux, who had also joined the others in the ramparts, drew a deep breath as his vision, which could see past through the darkness landed on the invading army.
He once thought that the wars inside the Sacred Dungeon were bloody enough.
He thought that there would be no other war that could surpass that magnitude.
However, he was proven wrong.
'This is no longer a war,' Lux thought as he gave Lady Avyanna a side-long glance. 'This will only be a one-sided massacre, in which the Blackrock Clan will be wiped from the face of the Wanid Kingdom.'
He knew that the Orcs were strong. They even had an Empyrean-Ranked Alpha Monster like Barca and several Argonaut-Ranked Alpha Monsters like the Orc Warlords.
These Orcs could trample entire cities if they wished, but against a force who had similar high-ranking warriors of their own, the number of low-ranked fighters would play a more crucial role than their superiors.
That night, the Orcs had a high-level meeting as tensions inside the Fortress rose to unprecedented heights.
While this was happening, Lux summoned his Plague Wing Gargoyles and ordered them to scout the enemy's forces under the cover of darkness.
Haca Dynasty Army Camp...
"Commander, let me take my men to raid those Orcs in the middle of the night," a man with an eyepatch covering his left eye said with a smile. "I promise that their little Fortress will fall before sunrise."
"You? Oh, please. We all know that you will just mess this up," a middle-aged lady snorted in disdain. "It will be best if I lead the night raid. Those Orcs will have no idea what hit them."
"No! It will be me who will destroy their fortress and snap Barca's head off!" the Commander of the Vanguard, who had given the order to attack the Fortress a few hours ago, declared. "If not for the Great General's strict order that I could not personally attack the Fortress at that time, it might have already fallen by now."
Several men and women scoffed at the Vanguard Commander, but they couldn't refute his words. He was one of the High-Rankers of the Haca Dynasty and had proven his mettle through many campaigns over the past decade.
"Calm down, Ronan," the Great General of the Haca Dynasty, Garret Ousborne stated. "Our men have traveled non-stop for a few days and need to take proper rest.
"Besides, they need to see with their own eyes how the Orc Fortress will be destroyed. That way, our morale will increase as we head deeper inside the Wanid Kingdom."
The Great General, who was only in his early thirties, didn't look intimidating, but his calm demeanor was enough to make the arrogant Ronan, as well as the other Generals who wished to raze the Orc Fortress to the ground as soon as possible nod their heads in agreement.
"If it is what the Great General wishes, then we will definitely obey," Ronan laughed. "The Orcs are lucky. They get to have some rest before I bash their skulls in tomorrow after breakfast."
Garret smiled before he raised his hand to call one of his trusted subordinates to attend to him.
"Tell the Captains to order their men to eat, so they can rest early," Garret ordered. "You don't have to worry about the watch duty because my personal guards will handle that. We will wage war three days from now, so tell everyone to make necessary preparations for the upcoming battle."
"Yes, Sir!" Garret's trusted Aide bowed his head as he carried out the orders of their Great General.
Ronan eyed the blonde-haired man, who held the title of "Untouchable" in the Haca Dynasty.
There were rumors that Garret's eyes, which were as blue as the sky, could see several seconds into the future. Because of this, he could effectively dodge, block, and counter any attacks that were aimed in his direction.
Just like Ronan, Garret was also a High-Ranker.
They had dueled several times in the past, and Ronan had never won even once against the blonde-haired man, who was a few years younger than him. Because of this, he respected Garret very much and listened to whatever he said.
"What strategy are we going to use in three days?" Ronan asked. "Earlier, I bluffed Barca to attack me, but their Orc Chieftain pulled him back in time. Truth be told, I almost wet my pants when he jumped off the Ramparts. Fortunately, my confident expression made their Chieftain feel guarded, so Barca ended up returning inside the Fortress."
Garret gave Ronan a faint smile as he pointed at the emblem ring that was on Ronan's finger.
"Even if Barca attacked you, you could have protected yourself with our Kingdom's National Treasure," Garret replied. "That will give you enough time to escape, so you'll be fine. However, your troops would have been annihilated if Barca hadn't been held back by their leader.
"If that really happened, you would have been demoted for sure, and that treasure would be given away to someone else. You got lucky this time."
 Ronan wasn't able to refute Garret's words and only chuckled due to how close he was to being demoted.
"You still didn't answer my question," Ronan said. "What is the strategy we are going to use tomorrow?"
This time, Garret didn't reply right away. Instead, he gazed at the Orc Fortress in the distance as if weighing his chances.
Several minutes passed as the Great General of the Haca Dynasty stared in the distance.
The High-Ranking Officers of the army didn't say anything and simply waited for his reply. They were already used to Garret's character, and they knew that their leader was thinking of ways to minimize the casualties of their army.
Finally, after ten minutes, Garret shifted his gaze back to Ronan, who was still waiting for his answer.
"This will be our first campaign against the Wanid Kingdom after fifty years, and we can't afford to lose many of our men in the clash against the Blackrock Clan," Garret stated. "In order to minimize our casualties, we will wait until our allies attack the North of the Wanid Kingdom.
"While the six other Pillars are busy dealing with that threat, we will mobilize our secret weapon and destroy the fortress without having to lose too many of our men."
Ronan arched an eyebrow after hearing their Great General's reply.
"Isn't using it now a bit too early?" Ronan asked. "That is one of our Trump Cards. Shouldn't we save it until we have entered deep into the Wanid Kingdom?"
Garret shook his head. "You are underestimating the Orcs. Although we greatly outnumber them, Barca and his Orc Warlords could still annihilate tens of thousands of our soldiers if they decide to go all out. Besides, we still have other trump cards, No?"
Ronan and the other High-Rankers of the Haca Dynasty grinned.
This war was something that they had planned for many years. Back then, they only wished to get the most valuable resources of the Blackrock Clan, which were the Transcendent Flames, as well as carve out a piece of the Wanid Kingdom for themselves.
However, the Pillars of the Wanid Kingdom weren't pushovers, so they had no choice but to make a hasty retreat after knowing that the war had been lost.
This time, they had prepared a massive army that would not only fight against the Orcs but the entirety of the Wanid kingdom.
The funny thing was that they were not the only Sovereign Nation that was planning to attack the mysterious lands of the Spirits.
With other nations supporting them from the North, the Pillars of the Wanid Kingdom would be too busy fighting on another front.
This would prevent them from sending most of their reinforcements to help the Blackrock Clan deal with the powerful army that threatened their entire race.
'Father, just you wait,' Garret thought as he shifted his gaze to the Orc Fortress in the distance again. 'I will carry out the will that you left behind.'
Fifty years ago, Garret's father was the commander of the Army that attacked the Blackrock Clan.
Although he had survived the war, he suffered grievous injuries and died a year after.
Since then, Garret vowed that he would avenge his father and personally kill the Orc Chieftain that had orchestrated his father's defeat and humiliation.
With his ability to see a few seconds in the future, Garret was confident that he would be able to counter any trick that the hateful Orc Chieftain had under her sleeve.
"What is he doing here?" Oreg asked as he looked at the Half-Elf, who Baronar had brought with him to participate in their high-level meeting. "Have you forgotten that this is a meeting for the upcoming battle against the Humans? This is not a place for a brat."
Baronar just smiled at his comrade as he made a gesture for Lux to sit in one of the corners of the room, which the red-headed teenager obeyed.
"Don't be like that," Baronar replied. "Didn't you make a deal with him that you will recognize him if he manages to subdue the enemy army? Since that is the case, I think it's good for him to know a little more about the enemies that we will be facing in battle. Who knows? He might even save your life one day."
Oreg snorted, but no longer said anything. He gave the Half-Elf a side-long glance before shifting his attention back on the table where the map of the battlefield was spread out.
Clearly, he didn't believe for a second that there would come a time when Lux would save him. How can a puny Initiate save a Peak-Argonaut Alpha Beast like him in battle?
Tanabur and Mogazar also gave the Half-Elf side-long glances before setting their sights on the map in front of them.
It was at that moment when Lady Avyanna cleared her throat and started their meeting.
"First, I have bad news to tell everyone," Lady Avyanna said with a solemn expression on her face. "According to my contracted Spirits, the Human Army comprises nearly ten million soldiers. Five thousand of them are Rankers, and among those five thousand, a hundred of them are High-Rankers."
The Orc Warlords' faces became grim after hearing the report of their Orc Chieftain. None of them doubted her words because there was no need for her to lie to them.
"We have brought almost all our able-bodied warriors to this battle, and we only number 200,000 in total," Barca stated. "Although we are stronger than the Humans, the number of their high-ranking warriors, as well as their lower-ranking warriors outnumber us fifty to one.
"It seems they are really serious about their conquest of the Wanid Kingdom. We alone will not be able to hold them back this time. If we don't get our reinforcements soon, I'm afraid…"
Suddenly, several Spirit Hawks entered the windows of their keep and landed beside Lady Avyanna.
The Orc Chieftain waved her hand, and several crystals floated in her direction. These crystals then transformed into projections, and soon, several men and women appeared inside their meeting room.
"We have received your news of the Haca Dynasty's movement, and we will send reinforcements, but I'm afraid the aid we can give you is very limited," a lady with jet-black hair, wearing a black robe said with a bitter smile. "The Zulia Empire in the North, and the Lathia Kingdom in the North East have also mobilized their army to invade our lands.
"It seems that all of them have collaborated to do a three-pronged attack in order to split our forces, preventing us from mounting a concentrated defense on one side."
Lady Avyanna's face became extremely pale after hearing the words of the Scarlet Witch, who was the leader of the Witches of Moonbright.
"The Druids from the Forest of the Beginnings have all moved to the North East in order to support the Templars of Cassemere in battle," a middle-aged man with sharp features said. "They brought an army numbering over five million. Because of this, the Guardian of the Forest, the Elemental Tempest will be joining the battle to assist us in defending our lands. I'm afraid that we can't send any help to the Blackrock Clan at this point in time."
It was then when a beautiful lady with green hair, and leaves covering her body spoke.
"The Dryads of Easthaven have started to mobilize and travel towards the Blackrock Clan's territory," the Dryad Queen said softly. "Our kind doesn't specialize in warfare, but we will do our best to help with the defense of your territories, as well as healing your wounded soldiers.
"However, since we are also supporting the other Pillars in their defense, we can only send over twenty thousand Dryads. I'm afraid that this is the best that we can do, we are simply stretched too thin at the moment"
Lady Avyanna gave the Dryad Queen a grateful bow. The Dryads could only fight in places with lush forests and greenery. Although the Blackrock Clan's valley was very rich in flora and fauna, it was still nothing compared to East Haven, which was the hometurf of the Dryads.
Suddenly, a creature with humanoid features, and blue skin spoke to tell his good friend some bad news.
"Avyanna, I'm sorry but the Djinns of Valefor will not be able to offer you our assistance. "We are facing the Zulia Empire, who have also mobilized over five million troops. The Harpies of Airedale will assist us in battle, and even then, we will be hard pressed on defending our lands. Because of this, I cannot help you, my dear friend, Avyanna."
The Orc Chieftain sighed as she gave her old friend a bitter smile.
"These are difficult times, Xepan," Lady Avyanna replied. "I know that everyone has their difficulties, and I understand that you will not be able to send us reinforcements. But, know this, the Blackrock Clan is facing an unprecedented army that numbers over ten million. I'm afraid that even with the help of the Dryads of East Haven we will not be able to hold them back for long."
All the rulers of the Pillars of the Wanid Kingdom cried out in alarm after hearing the Orc Chieftain's words.
"T-Ten million?!" The Scarlet Witch covered her lips with her delicate hand as she looked at Lady Avyanna in disbelief.
The expression of the other Heads of the different Pillars' also became grim after hearing the number of troops that the Haca Dynasty had mobilized to conquer their lands.
"Dammit!" Xepan, the head of the Djinns cursed. "How despicable! They really intend to wipe us off the map of the Arondight Territory!"
"This… is really bad news," the Champion of the Templars of Cassemere said through gritted teeth.
Although he and the other Pillars sometimes had conflicts with each other, none of them wanted one of the Pillars to be completely extinguished because they represented the stability of the Wanid Kingdom.
Now that the Blackrock Clan was facing an army, whose numbers were almost twice of what they were facing, all of them understood how dire the Blackrock Clan's situation really was.
"Can you hold them off?" the middle-aged man who was the Patriarch of the Druids of the Forest of Beginnings asked.
Lady Avyanna shook her head. "We might be able to delay their advance, but we can't hold them off. Our only chance of winning is if those ambitious clans, and families that were greedily eyeing our positions in the past, will extend their hand to help us. Aside from that, I'm afraid that our Western Borders will fall to the Haca Dynasty."
The Pillars of the Wanid Kingdom all quieted down as they digested the information that Lady Avyanna shared with them.
"I will send my representatives to talk to them," the Champion of the Templars of Cassemere said. "If they don't lend their aid then…"
The Champion's eyes glinted with killing intent, which all of his peers saw clearly.
Although all of the Pillars were strong, they all agreed that the strongest fighter in the Wanid Kingdom was the Champion of the Templars, whom even Barca couldn't defeat in a one-on-one battle.
"We will defend for as long as we can," Lady Avyanna said in a firm voice as he pressed her hands together. "So, use this time to send as many reinforcements to the West as possible. May the Spirits of the Wanid Kingdom watch over all of you."
The other Pillars also pressed their hands together as they repeated the custom of their Kingdom.
"""May the Spirits of the Wanid Kingdom watch over all of you."""
 One by one, the projections disappeared, and the Spirit hawks screeched as the crystals returned to their possessions. They then soared out the window, and flew under the cover of darkness.
War had come, attacking them from all sides, and the only thing they could hope for was that they would be able to weather the storm that was about to make landfall on their kingdom.
"It seems that aside from the Dryads from East Haven, we are on our own," Lady Avyanna said softly as she looked down on the map on the table.
Barca, and the other Orc Warlords, also looked at the Map with critical eyes. This was a map that shows the entirety of the Western Region of the Wanid Kingdom.
They were now all looking for possible ambush points that they could use in order to thin out the Human army, as soon as their Fortress fell.
Yes, the Orcs were now planning how to decrease the manpower of their enemy as they made a strategic retreat deeper into the Wanid Kingdom.
"As expected, our last stand will be in our Capital City," Barca said as he rubbed his chin. "If it is going to fall, we will make them pay a heavy price for it."
"They will pay a very dear price for it!" Oreg said as he gnashed his teeth in anger.
 Tanabur sighed as he crossed his arms over his chest. "I guess we should start preparing our plan for retreat after testing the abilities of our enemies. At the very least, we should kill several thousands of them before we abandon this fortress, right?"
Mogazar nodded his head. "Leave it to me."
As the Orc Warlord that specialized in long range attacks, Mogazar was confident that he could kill many enemies as soon as the battle started.
Baronar, whose main role in the upcoming battle was to help maintain the magical shield of the Fortress, closed his eyes as if he was forming a strategy inside his head.
The atmosphere inside the room was stifling, but Lux simply listened, and watched the reactions of the Orc Warlords as they discussed their strategy.
In the end, the meeting ended with all of them agreeing on using the Fortress as a way to better understand their opponents, which Lux thought was the best thing that they could do at the moment.
Although their enemies had the advantage in numbers, it would not be easy for them to scale the Orc Fortress, now that their strongest warriors were present.
—------
To their surprise, the Haca Dynasty's Army didn't launch an attack on the next day, or the day after that.
Even so, the Orcs remained vigilant as they observed the greatest threat that they had ever faced in their lifetime.
Finally on the third day, Mogazar noticed several war machines moving within their enemy's formation. This was the first time he was seeing such weapons of war, and he deemed that these weapons had arrived just a few hours ago.
'Is this why they didn't attack us right away?' Mogazar thought as he took one arrow from his quiver and nocked it on his bow. 'I better destroy them while I still can.'
Pulling back the string of his bow to the fullest, the Orc Hunter eyed one of the War Machines that were slowly making their way at the front of the enemy's army.
After making sure that his aim was true, the Orc Hunter released his arrow, creating a whistling sound.
Suddenly, the Commander of the Vanguard Army, Ronan, jumped up in the air and blocked the speeding arrow with a golden shield.
A metallic ring resounded in the surroundings as the metallic point of the arrow collided with the shield.
Ronan was blown away by the impact, but he was able to regain his balance mid-air before landing harmlessly on a floating silver shield that materialized out of nowhere.
Mogazar snorted, as he took three arrows from his quiver and nocked them on his bow simultaneously. A moment later, he unleashed these arrows, targeting three war machines that were out of Ronan's reach.
Unfortunately, just like what happened earlier. Several High-Rankers blocked his attack, preventing them from destroying their weapons of war.
Unfazed by his setbacks, Mogazar then chanted a few Orcish words, making a magical arrow appear in his hands.
He planned to use his strongest Area-Wide attack, which he was sure would devastate his enemies, who was preventing him from destroying their War Machines.
"Raining stars from the heavens above, Hit your mark now!" Mogazar channeled his magical energy as he shot his arrow high towards the sky.
"Starfall Mirage!"
The magical arrow exploded in the sky, and created countless rays of light that descended upon the Haca Dynasty's army.
The thousands or Rankers mobilized in order to block all the attacks, but the attack covered a very wide area, which made it impossible to block the attack completely.
Because of this, dozens of Rankers prioritized protecting their Magical Cannons, which they had prepared just for this battle.
The corner of Mogazar's lips curled up into a smile as hundreds of Human soldiers were annihilated by his strongest attack.
His only regret was that he was unable to destroy a single War Machine because the Rankers guarded them all with their lives.
Garret, who stood at the very center of the Human Army's formation, raised his hand.
One of his aides then issued an order, and several soldiers started to blow the horns they were carrying.
"Show these monsters that in the face of humanity, their only option is to submit," Garret stated as all the Magical Cannons started to gather energy.
Mogazar, who was standing on top of the Ramparts became alarmed because the Magical Cannons were still a mile away from their fortress.
No one, aside from him, had the ability to attack their enemy from this distance, and it made him realize why the Rankers prioritized defending their War Machines instead of their soldiers.
"Bastards!" Mogazar hatefully roared as a silhouette of bow and arrow appeared above his head.
If Starfall Mirage was his strongest AOE attack, he was about to unleash his strongest, single-target attack that would obliterate anything it hit.
"It's useless," Garret sneered as he saw Mogazar gather magical energy in order to power up the arrow in his hand. "Accept your fate, Monsters!"
The twenty Magical Canons of the Haca Dynasty all fired at the same time.
Mogazar's eyes became bloodshot as he unleashed his strongest attack in order to destroy one of the cannons, as well as kill as many soldiers as possible.
The Orc Hunter's arrow met the magical cannon ball mid-air and instantly obliterated it. It then continued its trajectory towards one of the Magical Cannons at the speed of sound.
Due to how fast it was, the Rankers failed to react in time, and the arrow hit the Magical Canon destroying it completely.
Mogazar's attack was so strong, that the explosion also killed the soldiers that were manning the cannon.
At that exact moment, the remaining 19 Magical Cannonballs collided with Baronar's barrier.
Before the Orc Hunter could even celebrate his success in destroying one of their enemy's weapon of war, the barrier protecting their Fortress cracked, which made Mogazar's body stiffen.
"Burst Fire!" Garret ordered, and the nineteen cannons fired another one of its magical cannonballs. However, instead of firing just once, the magical cannons fired twice in quick succession before the Beast Core that powered the artifact shattered into several fragments.
The moment the second batch of cannonballs hit Baronar's Barrier, the sound of countless crystal glasses breaking at the same time spread in the surroundings, which made Mogazar hastily order all Orc Hunters to jump off the ramparts to save their lives.
A moment later, the ramparts exploded as the third volley of Magical Cannonballs hit their targets, and destroyed a large chunk of the defensive walls, making Baronar, and the Orc Shamans who were maintaining the barrier, cough out blood due to the backlash they received from the enemy's bombardment.
Everything happened so fast that no one was able to react in time.
Mogazar, who was standing on top of the ramparts, was blown away by the impact of the magic cannonballs. Fortunately, Barca was there to catch and shield him from further damage, but he still ended up suffering mild injuries.
Unfortunately, the Orc Hunter's subordinates weren't as lucky. Hundreds of them died, while others were seriously injured.
A good portion of the Fortress walls was also destroyed by the magic cannon, forming a gaping hole in the Orc Fortress that had stood for decades.
"Earth Mages, create an Earth Wall at once!" Lady Avyanna ordered, and the Orcs who specialized in Earth Magic worked hand in hand to create a dense wall of Earth that rose above the ground and positioned itself between the Orc Fortress and the Haca Dynasty's Army.
As soon as the walls were erected, the sound of cannons being fired spread in the surroundings.
The Earthen Walls immediately shattered, and the magic cannonballs continued their trajectory, hitting the defensive walls of the Fortress and creating deep dents in them.
Although the Earth Walls shattered, it still helped lessen the impact of the cannonballs, allowing the Fortress to withstand another bombardment.
"This won't do!" Baronar shouted to Lady Avyanna who was standing at a watchtower at the center of the Fortress, overlooking the battle. "They can hit us, but we can't hit them back. Also, look at the sky!"
The Great Orc Shaman pointed at the Giant Magic Circle that was slowly forming above the Orc Fortress, which made Lady Avyanna's face turn grim.
"A Grand Spell from that distance?!" Oreg gasped in shock as he looked at the runic symbols whose light was slowly becoming more intense, signaling that the Spell was nearing its completion. "By the Gods. How are we going to deal with this?!"
Grand Spells were High-Ranking Spells that were used to destroy entire fortresses. However, this spell was very complicated and needed tens of thousands of Mages to cast it simultaneously.
Also, while the mages were performing this spell, none of them could move, which made them vulnerable to any attacks.
Only when their safety was assured would they cast a spell of such magnitude to destroy their foes in a blaze of glory.
 'How can this be... our Fortress is about to fall without even clashing with the enemy directly?' Barca glared hatefully at the giant Magic Circle above their heads.
He initially thought that they could at least kill tens of thousands of the invaders before leaving their fortress behind. However, aside from the few hundred that Mogazar had killed earlier, the Haca Dynasty's Army was still intact, making him feel very bitter.
However, he didn't have time to feel bitter for long because another side of the Fortress exploded after being repeatedly bombarded by the Magical Cannons, which were firing at them from a mile away.
"Baronar, can you delay that Grand Spell from being unleashed?" Lady Avyanna asked.
"I'll try, but the most I can do is buy us a minute or two," Baronar replied as he began to chant something in the Orcish tongue.
Lady Avyanna knew that there was no time to hesitate, so she immediately signaled to one of her Aides to blow the horn that would tell everyone in the Fortress to evacuate right now.
"Everyone, evacuate!" Lady Avyanna ordered. "Head to the Mountains of Lorgakh Kur. We will use the mountains to mount a counterattack!"
All the Orc Warriors gritted their teeth as they helped their injured comrades to retreat. Their Orc Chieftain's order was absolute, and even though they wanted to fight their enemies, they were simply too far and too many for them to mount an effective counterattack.
While the Orcs were busy dealing with the evacuation, the sound of horns erupted inside the Orc Fortress, which reached all the way to the Haca Dynasty's Army.
This made Rowan, who was standing beside one of the magic cannons, roar in laughter.
"What's this? Over already?" Rowan guffawed as he looked at the crumbling Fortress in the distance. "Great General, why don't we send our Heavy Cavalry to attack? I'm sure we can kill thousands of them if we go now."
Great General Garret shook his head. "If we go there now, we will just lose our soldiers. The Orcs would risk their lives to kill as many of our soldiers as possible because in their culture, retreating without even being able to clash with their enemies is a very shameful thing.
"If we were to do as you say, then I wouldn't have used the Magic Cannons this early in the war. Just behave yourself for now and listen to my orders. You will have your chance to kill them when we go deeper into their territory."
Ronan chuckled after hearing the Great General's reply. He was really itching to fight against Barca, who was several times stronger than him. As a High-Ranker, he knew that he was no match against the Empyrean-Ranked Alpha Monster in a one-on-one battle.
However, he wasn't going to fight the Half-Orc alone.
He had already handpicked a dozen High-Rankers who would assist him with the job. Because of this, he was confident that if he ever faced Barca on the battlefield, the one who would be dying would be none other than the Half-Orc.
It was at this moment that they saw several spirits flying toward the sky in an attempt to disperse the giant Magic Circle above the fortress.
Garret had already anticipated this move, but he didn't do anything. The Spirits might be able to delay the Grand Spell, but they could only prevent it from activating for a short period of time. They wouldn't be able to stop the inevitable.
"How does it feel, Avyanna?" Great General Garret said softly. "Do you feel helpless? Do you feel unresigned? I wish I could see your face. Perhaps, it was the same face that my father made when you forced him to retreat back to the Haca Dynasty fifty years ago."
The Great General's eyes glowed faintly with power as he looked at the crumbling fortress in the distance.
He was certain that within the hour, nothing would remain of the Orc Fortress but rubble.
This would be the first official victory of their campaign and the beginning of their invasion into the territories of the Wanid Kingdom.
"Fascinating, truly fascinating," Asmodeus said as he casually summoned a Bone Wall to block a slab of granite, which had been blown all the way from the Fortress Walls. "Master, I'd like to have one of those Magic Cannons to tinker with."
"We'll see if we can nab one or two of them later," Lux replied in a casual manner as he summoned his Thunder Warg King, Jed. "Draven, you already know what to do, right?"
"Yes, Master," the Shadow Lord that hid inside Lux's Shadow answered. "I hear and obey."
A moment later, Lux's shadow moved away in order to carry out his Master's order.
Lux smiled at the fleeting shadow and wished the newest member of his Covenant good luck in what he was about to do.
"Let's go, Asmodeus," Lux commanded. "This Fortress is done for."
Asmodeus nodded his head before summoning a skeleton war horse that he could mount. The Archlich then gave the dead Orcs a side-long glance and sighed in his heart.
If only he could have his way, he would definitely pick up some of the bodies to use for his experiments. However, Lux firmly told him not to because he didn't want to sour his relationship with the Blackrock Clan due to the temptation of greed.
"Ride!" Lady Avyanna commanded as she led the retreat of the Orc Army. "To Lorgakh Kur!"
The Orcs roared in acknowledgement. All of them hoped that when the Human armies entered the Mountains of their home turf, it would be their turn to make them suffer losses and retreat back to their own Kingdom.
Perhaps, it was only Lux and Asmodeus who didn't feel sad as they left the Fortress. For them, this wasn't a big deal because they were merely there to observe the war between the two sides.
Unknown to the tens of thousands of Orc who were making a hasty retreat, the red-headed teenager and the Archlich were busy discussing things that would give them casualties through telepathy.
'Our Skeleton Grand Cannons can reach their location, right?' Lux asked his strategist as they followed behind the Orcs.
'Yes, Master,' Asmodeus replied. 'However, it will be best if we don't show this to our enemies right now. Although the Orcs have lost a fortress, their determination to fight is still burning. Perhaps, this flame has now become a great bonfire due to the rage they are feeling in their hearts.'
Before Lux could even reply, a loud explosion suddenly erupted behind them.
The Grand Spell had finally activated and unleashed a giant fireball, similar to a small sun, which descended to the Orc Fortress, obliterating it completely.
"Nice fireworks," Asmodeus muttered subconsciously as he looked at the blazing inferno behind him that created a giant mushroom cloud that rose toward the sky.
This casual comment of his earned him hateful growls and glares from the Orc Warriors that were riding beside him.
 Instead of being afraid, the Archlich simply shrugged his shoulders as if it wasn't a big deal. Clearly, the Archlich didn't give a hoot about what the Orcs were feeling right now, which made Lux smile wryly.
As the Orcs retreated, the Haca Dynasty's Army celebrated their victory, raising their morale.
"Hahaha! Those Orcs are nothing!"
"Are these really the powerful Orcs of the Blackrock Clan? More like the cowardly Orcs of the Blackrock Clan."
"Hahaha! What an easy win!"
"The Great General really knows what he is doing. With this, we will be able to conquer the lands of the Wanid Kingdom smoothly and without fail."
All the soldiers were in a good mood, and even the High-Rankers couldn't help but smile at the outcome of their first campaign in the Wanid Kingdom.
They had already expected this outcome, but seeing it become a reality made them feel as if all of their preparations finally bore fruit.
Three hours later, the Human army finally marched toward the giant crater where the Orc Fortress once stood.
White smoke was still oozing off from the ground, but this was easily dispersed by the High-Rankers of the army.
After passing through the giant crater, the soldiers finally stepped foot in the territory of the Wanid Kingdom, making them feel elated.
They continued their march for half a day before Great General Garret signaled everyone to take a short rest.
After giving his orders, the hunting parties began to forage for food supplies in the surroundings. It was at that moment that they came across several stone statues in the places they passed.
Great General Garret had already told them that these statues were very common in the Wanid Kingdom. The locals made them as a tribute to the Spirits which could be found all over the mysterious kingdom.
"Guardian Spirits?" one of the Scouts laughed as he looked at the statue in front of him. "This is what I think of your stupid spirits!"
A moment later, the sound of water hitting stone was heard as the Scout pissed at the statue in front of him.
The Scout hummed in a good mood because he was able to relieve himself and mock the Spirits of the Wanid Kingdom at the same time.
Just as he was about to finish emptying his bladder, something black appeared in his vision. A moment later, he felt a stinging pain in his chest. The Scout was unable to shout in pain because a shadowy hand blocked his lips.
A minute later, another Scout appeared in the area and saw his comrade adjusting his lightweight padded armor.
"Is everything fine, brother?" the Scout asked his comrade who was standing in front of the statue that was wet with piss. "Are you done desecrating the Spirits of the Wanid Kingdom?"
"You call this desecrating?" the Scout, who was adjusting his armor earlier, replied. "Wait till you see me stabbing an Orc in the face. You will see the true meaning of desecration."
"Hahaha! We'll have our chance, brother. Just hang tight until we catch up to those cowardly Orcs."
"Aye. We will definitely catch up to them sooner or later."
The two Scouts then left the scene, leaving the statue behind.
A minute later, the hand of the statue moved and wiped the piss from its face. Its sinister visage briefly appeared before turning back into a statue that could do no harm to anyone.
While the Haca Dynasty was already preparing their men for a full-scale invasion of the Wanid Kingdom, a certain red-headed teenager was busy laying down his chess pieces that would strike at the right moment and give Great General Garret a surprise he would never forget.
