 Chapter 202: Vision 
 Ves had seen a lot of knight designs in his mech career. Besides studying the classics, he also had hands-on experience with a couple of different models.
 The Caesar Augustus bore no introduction. The overstuffed hybrid knight tried to to everything at once and made a decent attempt at it by virtue of its excellent armor system. Ves captured some of the majesty of this ambitious design with the Marc Antony, but the cheap HRF armor plating hobbled the core purpose of a knight, which was to be a defensive bulwark.
 "It's rather decent design for its price range."
 For a design that utilized uncompressed armor, the Marc Antony Mark II functioned well enough to those who couldn't afford anything better. Its cheap composition meant that replacing broken armor plating should be cheap and easy.
 "The greatest strength of the Mark II is its cost-effectiveness."
 That wasn't always a good thing. It basically meant that the Mark II had no other distinguishing features that allowed Ves to set a premium on his product. He had keep his prices low in order to sustain the handful of sales he made each month.
 Competing on price always ended up as a race to the bottom.
 The current circumstances in which he had to gradually decrease the price on his mech reflected this reality. Though some of the blame also lay on the generational gap, it couldn't be concealed that the Marc Antony series lacked a distinguishing feature that it excelled at. A jack of all trades was a master of none.
 The second knight he had an intimate relationship with was the Hoplite and the Young Blood he derived from the classic model. The spear-wielding knight possessed a number of interesting innovations that he partially incorporated in his sword-wielding variant.
 Both models emphasized the offensive nature of a knight. While they fulfilled the defensive role well, they excelled at keeping up with an offensive push as they possessed a bit more mobility than usual.
 "An offensive knight is harder to design than a defensive knight."
 Both had their own strengths, but an offensive knight had to fulfill multiple criteria. It had to maintain a high level of defense while simultaneously possess a higher level of mobility. Since mech designers usually had to decide between speed and armor, striking the right balance could be challenging.
 "It's an interesting one, and one that fits my interests."
 Ves had never aimed to design the fastest mech, nor the sturdiest one. He knew of mech designers who dedicated their entire lives to pursuing one extreme.
 Raul Mendoza, known as 'The Armorer', had become an inspiration to every mech designer for relentlessly developing the best-protected mechs in the galaxy. Ves read his biography when he studied at Rittersberg and knew that while he faced many temptations to branch out in other paths, he stuck to his creed and continued to focus on armor and armor alone.
 Another model that struck him deeply was the Ajax Olympian. The massive heavy knights possessed a boundless amount of strength and sturdiness that allowed them to resist the monstrous Kaius.
 His intimate work on studying its design and tweaking it for greater performance gave him an inside look in the mind of a knight designer. Though he couldn't apply all the lessons he learned from a heavy knight to a medium knight design, some aspects remained common to every weight class.
 However, there was one more knight that struck a very profound image to Ves. His ancestor's customized mech the Valiant had been through a lot and outlived the death of its pilot. Whenever Ves thought back on the ancient knight, he could practically taste the history radiating off its frame.
 Of all the mechs he had seen in his life, only the Valiant showed him a possible way forward. Beyond its exquisite design and rugged durability, the knight developed an extremely potent X-Factor by virtue of its hallowed history.
 "I want to design a mech like that."
 He wanted to design a mech that became increasingly more compatible with its pilot. Those who bonded with such machines gained increasingly more substantial benefits the longer they used it. Ves hoped to embody the ideals of the Living Mech Corporation with such products.
 "It's not going to be easy bringing this dream to life."
 Ves activated his terminal and wrote a quick list of demands.
 First, it had to be durable. Its internal architecture should be robust enough to keep going even under the most hellish circumstances.
 More importantly, Ves had to invest in a good quality armor system composed of compressed alloys. A lot of different formulas and armor systems existed on the market, but only a few would be appropriate for his purposes. The resources required to form the armor plating should be abundantly available in the Bright Republic.
 Secondly, his mech had to possess a decent amount of mobility. Ves did not plan to experiment with gimmicks this time. Overcomplicated gadgets often introduced vulnerabilities in the core design, and with his skills he couldn't guarantee he'd catch them all.
 No, Ves simply planned to balance the weight of the frame with a strong engine and efficient artificial musculature. Master Olson happened to be an expert in this field, so he hoped to pick up something good in Leemar.
 "Offensive knights are characterized by their ability to leverage their aggression into shock attacks."
 In that regard, his intended design should barely be able to meet that standard if Ves managed to get his hands on the right components. Besides getting his hands on a powerful engine model, he also had to trim the armor scheme to keep down its bulk.
 "It's going to be hard to accomplish all of these wishes without breaking the bank."
 Cheaper components generally performed worse than more expensive ones. However, the market only cared about how well the final design fulfilled its purpose at a given price level.
 A good mech designer could take a crappy set of component licenses and easily cobble up a cheap but practical mech design.
 A bad mech designer would always publish a deeply flawed mech design, even if he had access to the best components in the galaxy.
 In fact, more expensive components always introduced a lot of complexity in the design. In addition, they required a higher proportion of rare and expensive exotics to deliver such extreme performance.
 Still, Ves hoped to design a knight for the premium segment of the mech market. At the very least, it should be a knight that was able to compete in the same price class as the current Caesar Augustus.
 Ves set his price target at 60 million credits for the most basic silver label variant. Such a price corresponded nicely with other premium knight models on the market. In order to ensure a stable profit, Ves should aim to keep the cost of production at around 30 to 40 million credits.
 All of these criteria sounded fine and dandy, but they amounted to nothing as long as Ves failed to form a coherent vision of his future product.
 Over the past few months, Ves mulled over how to elevate his design with a powerful vision.
 "My mech isn't the fastest, nor the most indestructible one. It simply endures. It will keep going when you least expect it to. Even if it has suffered grievous injuries, it will grow stronger with every rebirth."
 Ves named his first Mark I the Phoenix Cry. He did so because he already formed a hint of his ideal mech.
 Central to the legend of the phoenix was its ability to be reborn after experiencing a nirvana. Similar to the phoenix, his first original mech design should become more powerful or at least more potent in its X-Factor each time it receives an overhaul.
 If Ves could put this vision into reality, then he may be able to emulate the Valiant on a larger scale.
 Such a bold ambition demanded not only a good design, but also a correspondingly powerful X-Factor.
 "I'll have to test the limits of the X-Factor if I want it to acquire the properties I want. The X-Factor not only has to have room for growth, it also has to be tenacious enough so that others won't be able to wipe it away."
 Until now, Ves formed a tentative theory that the X-Factor came into being if the mech, the mech designer and the mech pilot shared a common mindset.
 He always feared that once other people such as Carlos or a mech technician started performing repairs, the mech would lose its X-Factor's potency.
 Now those fears were gone. After he completed the Groening mission, Ves came away with more than an enhanced body. His mind also experienced a subtle transformation that Ves tentatively attributed to Jutland's heavenly flower. Though he hadn't tested his new strengths in an actual design process, he somehow knew that his ability to impart images had improved.
 "Now that my mind is stronger, anything that I work on should have a more tenacious X-Factor. A random mech technician shouldn't be able to ruin my products if they replace a faulty screw or something."
 Ves envisioned a hopeful future for his design where each of his mechs grew from infancy into unique machines. Each experience added to the history of the mech in question. In addition, the longer a mech pilot stuck with the same machine, the more the mech took on the mech pilot's traits.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 He felt as if he became the architect of something new and unknown. Though the risks were great, if he succeeded in this project, Ves expected he'd be able to take this concept and use it as the core of his nascent design philosophy.
 Of course, the System also played a part in this process. While the System never taught him how work with the X-Factor directly, it was undeniable that it had put him onto this path.
 His high mental attributes formed the key to empowering the X-Factor. Ves even suspected the reason why most mech designers still remained clueless about it was because their level of concentration hadn't reached the minimum threshold for it to become noticeable.
 Even if they got their hands on the right theories and the correct techniques, without a correspondingly powerful mind, they'd simply be playing make-belief instead of accomplishing something real.
 "My current concentration is higher than almost every other mech designer, but it's not enough for my purposes."
 With an attribute score of 1.7, his concentration sufficiently enabled him to maintain three images at once, though they couldn't be too complex. Ves estimated that he required a much higher level of concentration in order to work with dynamic images that allowed for growth.
 "I'll have to break the natural limit of the human mind in order to get to that point."
 Ves already had a idea on what it meant to break the natural limit. Before the doctors of the CFA stabilized his body, he felt immensely powerful and healthy. Though he lost some of that potency, his body had already cracked open a slit into the realm of the superhuman.
 He knew that if he wanted to raise his concentration to an even higher level, he had to accumulate a lot of design points. In between his busy schedule of acquiring all of the elements to form an original design, he also had to test out some of his ideas by designing a couple of virtual mechs.
 "I can practice my design skills as well, so it won't be wasted time."
 After a couple of hours of quiet musing, Captain Silvestra sent him an alert. "We're about to transition into the Leemar System. Your orders, sir?"
 "Head towards the inner system. Leemar II is our final destination. Once the local authorities know of my purpose, I'm sure they'll ready an appropriate berth for the Barracuda."
 Ves had contacted Horatio to let him know he'd be coming. Master Olson's assistant gave Ves a knowing look when he requested the help of a doctor. In any case, Horatio offered his sympathies and promised to inform their master.
 "Hopefully, we won't stay for too long. Once I'm done with my shopping, it's time to go home."
 He looked forward to turning his Phoenix project into reality.
 Their arrival in the star system came with little fanfare. As the educational seat of the Carnegie Group, the Leemar System received billions of visitors each year. A single Apprentice Mech Designer raised no eyebrows, and Ves liked to keep it that way.
 After a perfunctory inspection, the Barracuda zipped over towards the inner system and descended into the atmosphere of Leemar II. The slim corvette arrived at a private berth reserved for Leemar’s affiliates like Ves, who became an apprentice of a visiting master.
 First, he visited the Leemar School of Life Sciences situated on the other side of the planet. Unlike the Leemar Institute of Technology, the Carnegie Group founded the LSLS in the middle of an artificial tropical forest. A vast amount of alien flora and fauna made their home in this dangerous forest.
 The frequent injuries and even near-deaths provided students with plenty of practice.
 Fortunately, Ves possessed a thick skin so the voracious mosquito-like bugs buzzed around helplessly around his body. Several other visitors deployed a small interference field that repelled the wildlife, but Ves didn’t bother with the gadget and strode towards the institute scheduled to receive him. Once he stepped inside the cool interior, a doctor whisked him away for checkups.
 After several days of intensive and sometimes invasive tests, Ves finally received a verdict.
 "How’s it look like, doctor?"
 The doctor in charge of his case gave him a smile. "Your genetics are in a very interesting place right now. Though we would have loved to have samples of the hexapods and a copy of the research data, right now we can conclude that your body won’t develop in a malignant for the next five years. There is too much we don’t know about your acquired alien traits to be sure of anything more."
 "What about the CFA’s treatment. Did they do what they promised to do?"
 "It’s absolutely brilliant what they did!" The doctor beamed. "We can surmise that Doctor Jutland induced your genetics into a highly active and malleable phase. This allows him to apply extensive modifications to your physique to the extent that he broke past the natural limits of the human body."
 "And this is a bad thing?"
 "You may not know this, but humans are not meant to possess so much strength. Your body would have slowly disintegrated as it strained to keep up its hyperactive state."
 While Ves got lost in the specifics, he understood the main point easily enough. Just like his tweaks to the Ajax Olympian, his body couldn’t handle the strain for an extended period of time.
 The doctor also added in something interesting. "It’s not actually unheard of to induce a human body to perform past its limits, but it’s only relatively safe to do so for a few seconds at most. Any longer will result in severe repercussions."
 The full results of the checkup showed that the CFA already remedied the repercussions that Ves had unwittingly accumulated. They also stabilized his genetics so that he wouldn’t be vulnerable to biological attacks that targeted his genetics.
 "So they hadn’t sneaked in a back door or something?"
 "No. Absolutely not!" The doctor shook his head. "We can trace their steps in your body. They’ve been very open about their procedures. It’s safe to say that unless they employed their most advanced techniques, there’s little chance your body is hiding something nefarious."
 Ves knew his own worth. A pitiful junior like him didn’t warrant such a massive investment. If the Carnegie Group’s most premier medical institution hadn’t found any hidden bombs, then he probably had a clean bill of health.
 After receiving some warnings about his new condition, Ves left the institute with a spring in his step. He boarded a long-distance aircar and flew towards the Leemar Institute of Technology on the other side of the planet.
 This time, the LIT hosted no events, so its central campus appeared remarkable empty and tranquil.
 He only brought Lucky along this time, having left out Melkor due the requirement that only Leemar’s own security personnel could pilot mechs. Instead, he allowed him to visit one of the mech academies elsewhere on the planet with some credits in his pocket. Hopefully he’d find something useful during his visit.
 His aircar flew past the titanic juggernaut wreck, allowing him to get a good glimpse of the starship-sized mech.
 Whoever came up with the concept of the juggernaut must have been off his rocker. Though its monolithic size allowed it to mount warship-grade weapons, thereby circumventing the restrictions on weapons set by the MTA and the CFA, the drawbacks far outweighed the benefits.
 "Only a first-rate superstate like the New Rubarth Empire can field this kind of boondoggle."
 Even so, the Rubarthans largely phased out the juggernauts once everyone started developing counters for the giant brutes.
 The story of the juggernauts proved that no single mech was perfect. Human ingenuity and adaptation always insured there was something better.
 The aircar landed on a landing pad next to an exclusive housing area where most of the eminent professors resided. A young man greeted him once he left the aircar.
 "Mr. Larkinson! Over here!" He called. When Ves walked over, the young man patted his body like he beheld a strange cow. "It’s great to meet you! Wow, your skin is so firm! All the stories about you must be true!"
 "Have you been sent by Master Olson?"
 "Carmin is not even in the system right now! She’s busy with another project. Horatio told me to accompany you and guide you around to where you need to go. Ah, where are my manners? I’m Oleg Vorn, Carmin’s youngest core disciple!"
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Ves almost tripped when he heard those words. The boy looked far too young and casual to be a core disciple. Oleg probably hadn’t left his teens yet! Nothing about the core disciple hinted at any special traits that made a vaunted Master Mech Designer take him under her wing.
 Oleg smiled teasingly at Ves. "Are you wondering why I caught Carmin’s eye? I don’t mind telling you if you tell me what you’ve experienced on the Groening mission."
 As they walked towards Master Olson’s estate, Ves regaled Oleg with a brief rundown on his experiences. Throughout the retelling, he felt as if he was reading a bedtime story to a small boy.
 "Wow! That Jutland sure was stupid! He actually left you alone in a cave full of tools and parts! It’s no wonder he died in the end!"
 "So now that I’ve told you my story, how about yours?"
 "Oh, it’s nothing interesting." Oleg responded shyly. "I grew up in a little planet in the territory of the Vermeer Group. Ever since I saw my first mech cartoon, I instantly fell in love with them. They’re so fascinating, right? I wanted to pilot them so badly that I hadn’t slept all night the day I turned ten!"
 What followed after sounded familiar to almost every norm. Oleg’s neural aptitude didn’t qualify him to be one of the 3.5 percent.
 "If I can’t pilot a mech, then I sure as hell do something else with them! When I found out about mech designers, I studied hard in school so that I can design the best mechs! It just so happens that I’m really good at it. So good, in fact, that the principal referred me to one of Carmin’s scouts, who eventually patted my head and told me that I’m really smart!"
 The way Oleg said those words sounded as if he hardly knew what a cherished chance he received. Billions of mech designers never had the chance to catch the eye of a master, while Oleg was born on the right planet and at the right time when Master Olson sought a few young seeds to nurture.
 "So how far are you in your studies?"
 "Oh, I know a lot about mech design!" Oleg boasted. "I even know how to design a mech engine!"
 The young lucky bastard proceeded to explain his latest project. The amount of detail and depth in his descriptions almost overwhelmed Ves to the point of growing numb. What Oleg knew about engines and mechanics had definitely reached the level of Journeyman!
 "The heavens aren’t fair!" Ves muttered.
 "What was that?"
 "Oh nothing. I was just wondering about something. How old are you?"
 "I’ll be nineteen in three months!"
 If Ves still had his baseline human body, he would have received a hard attack by now. Good graces! Oleg was just eighteen years old, but he already surpassed what Ves had painstakingly built up with the help of the System!
 Though Ves felt a momentary surge of jealousy, he quickly suppressed it. The boy was scarily intelligent and his naive facade might be hiding a perceptive mind. Ves did not wish to make an enemy out of someone Master Olson cherished.
 Besides, despite Oleg’s natural endowments, Ves had high hopes he would surpass the boy one day with the help of the System. With such a heaven-defying tool in his possession, he had high hopes of reaching the pinnacle of mech design on his own terms.
 "By the way, that’s a nice cat you have." Oleg pointed at Lucky who silently padded alongside Ves. "I don’t recognize its alloys. What’s it made of?"
 "I’m not sure myself. My father got him for me from a first-rate state."
 That peaked his interest for sure. "An actual mechanical pet from a first-rate state? You’re so lucky! I’ve also considered whether to get one myself, but the latest products takes years to ship to our star sector! By then, everyone will laugh at me for owning such an outdated pet!"
 Ves refrained from shaking his head. A pet was not a fashion accessory. Such words betrayed Oleg’s perspective on mechs. He probably saw them as nothing more than tools instead of creations that deserved to be treated with respect. On account of Oleg’s status, Ves refrained from mentioning any of his thoughts.
 They walked for several more minutes until they came upon a highly guarded mansion. "Here we are! This is Carmin’s home away from home! It’s not the Titanium Garden, but it’s home, in a way. Let me show you all the cool stuff!"
 Oleg ran him through the gates and led him past the finely furnished halls and pleasant study rooms. As they reached the interior of the mansion, they stopped in front of a heavily guarded gate. A pair of menacing-looking guards in hulking exoskeletons suits regarded the pair with eyes.
 "Lemme in guys!"
 "Not so fast, Oleg." One of them said with a curt tone. He obviously didn’t care to be respectful to the core disciple. "While you have permission to enter the basement, your new friend is not on the list."
 "Oh, come on, do you know who he is? He’s Ves Larkinson, the guy Carmin apprenticed last year! Horatio even handed me a temporary pass for him!"
 When Oleg showed the guard a specially produced pass, the guards eventually relented. Oleg handed Ves the pass once they entered an elevator.
 As the cabin travelled downwards, Ves look at the pass with curiosity. "What can I do with this?"
 "Oh lots! You basically have free access to all of the LIT’s facilities, though most of that place is boring. It’s also your access pass to the Clifford Society’s headquarters up in the mountains. There’s a lot of nifty security features integrated in the pass, so if you ever find yourself in trouble with the authorities, just flash the pass and they’ll learn you’re the real deal."
 Ves did not expect to make use of that particular function. The Bright Republic and the Friday Coalition should already have a file on him so any random police officer shouldn’t be able to arrest him on a whim.
 Once the elevator reached its destination, the doors slid open and revealed what could be considered a mech designer’s heaven.
 "Welcome to Master Olson’s personal workshop." Oleg grinned as he swooped his arms at the impressive. "Look at these beauties. Can you imagine fabricating a mech with these toys?"
 Ves recognized none of the specific models of the machines in the workshop, but their construction alone revealed how special they were. All of the machines were made with the highest quality alloys. They incorporated an entire fortune’s worth of exotics to push their speed and precision to their limits.
 Besides the standard machines a mech designer utilized such as a 3D printer and an alloy compressor, Ves also spotted dozens of strange and even alien-looking machines that fulfilled unknown purposes. He didn’t dare touch any of them in case he ruined these unique equipment.
 After letting Ves take in the sights, Oleg took his hand and dragged him towards a corner of the workshop where a set of smaller and less impressive machines rested.
 "This is the Apprentice Workshop. All the other machines are locked out to anyone but Carmin and Horatio. I know, I’ve tried to hack them all." Oleg said with a sulk. "I still swear Horatio is laughing at me behind my back! Anyway, every apprentice is free to use these gear!"
 Though the Apprentice Workshop obviously housed more disposable machines, Ves still envied all of the shiny gear. The high-speed 3D printers alone made his carefully reconstructed Dortmund look like a joke.
 "Why did you take me here, Oleg?"
 Oleg smirked at Ves. "Oh, I’m just curious about your ability, that’s all. As one of Carmin’s apprentice, you should be familiar with mech design duels. Wanna make a bet? I’ll give you something nice if you put up your mechanical cat as a stake."
 "I’m not putting Lucky up for a bet!" Ves replied with alarm. "He’s more than a pet to me. It’s the last thing my father left me!"
 That wasn’t entirely true, but Ves really had a bad idea about this. A mere apprentice with the same status as a nominal disciple could never compete against a core disciple. Chances were high that Oleg would wipe the floor with him in every kind of mech design duel.
 It appeared the core disciple didn’t like his answer. He pouted cutely at Ves. "You haven’t even listened me out! Horatio mentioned to me that you’re planning on designing your first original mech. You’re going to need some good component licenses to impress the mech industry. It just so happens that I’ve got a couple of really good engine designs under my belt. I can guarantee you that their performance will top anything in your price range!"
 The mention of winning a component license of a high quality engine design aroused his interest. Despite his firm reluctance to engage in the bet, he couldn’t help but hear Oleg out. "I’m planning on designing a knight for the premium segment of the market of a third-rate state. The engine shouldn’t be made out of too many rare exotics."
 "Oh, that’s even better! I’ve got a slew of economic engine schematics I designed for practice."
 When Oleg turned on a projector and showed him the designs in question, Ves became utterly entranced. Due to his master’s specialization, Ves knew a thing or two about mech engines.
 From a brief glance, Ves could tell that Oleg’s designs performed remarkably well even though they didn’t incorporate too many exotics.
 He estimated the market price of the worst engine license at 500 million bright credits. The value of most of the other engine licenses hovered around one to three billion bright credits.
 To Ves, that sounded like an incredible fortune. To Oleg, that probably sounded like lunch money to him, especially when Ves took in the different price levels in the Coalition.
 Still, the sheer talent and capability he showed off with these engine designs scared Ves from entertaining any ideas about winning a bet against Oleg. If his mech design skills was up to par with his engine design skills, then Ves had no hope of eking out a victory.
 "I’m sorry, Oleg, but I’m merely a nominal disciple." He said as gently as possible. "Any duel between us will only end up in my defeat. A bet isn’t a bet if the outcome is certain before we’ve even started."
 Oleg lost his perpetual grin when he heard his refusal. "Oh, that won’t do. I really want to see what you can do. Tell you what. If you’re so sure I’ll beat you in a standard design duel, let’s use a different format! You’re good at something, right? Something that gives you the confidence that you’re a better mech designer than anyone else at our level. Let’s use that as our score!"
 His persistence made Ves uncomfortable, but his suggestion sounded a little more reasonable. Despite the risks, his long-dormant competitive streak flared in excitement.
 Still, in order to compete, Ves had to show his strength. What was Ves good at?
 He could think of nothing but the X-Factor.
 He gazed at Oleg’s eager expression and considered how to phrase his challenge. Something as ephemeral as the X-Factor couldn’t be measured with any tool, which made it difficult to determine a winner.
 "How about this." Ves said as he figured something out. "Why don’t we try to compete on comfort and personal preference? Let’s leave aside competing on specs, because I’m certain whatever you are going to design on a whim will beat my work handedly. Instead, we’ll design and fabricate a mech each and present it to a random mech pilot. We’ll let him play around with them and tell him to decide which one he finds more comfortable. Sounds good?"
 Of all the criteria Ves could possibly choose, he selected something Oleg had never seen coming. He blinked at Ves with his mouth agape. "Comfort? Do you mean ergonomics and stuff?"
 "It’s not only about a good seat. By comfort I mean that the overall piloting experience should be smooth and effortless. The mech pilot should enjoy the mech and mesh well with it regardless of its specs."
 Oleg frowned a bit. "Huh. I never really thought about that. I’ve never heard of a mech design duel that competed specifically around comfort. It sounds kind of fun!"
 Ves still showed a lot of reluctance to engage in the bet, so Oleg constantly raised the value of his offering until he offered one of his best designs.
 "The Trailblazer will surely fit your needs for a cheap knight! This engine is more robust than anything a third-rate state will typically field, and I’ve really been sparing in the amount of exotics I incorporated in its core components. I’ve accomplished this by applying some of Carmin’s special techniques. See here for example..."
 As Oleg blabbed onwards while pointing at the schematic of his Trailblazer engine, Ves still hadn’t made up his mind.
 Losing Lucky would deal a heavy blow to Ves. He had been his constant companion since the start of his mech design career.
 Yet Ves found it hard to ignore Oleg’s offering. As a fairly recent design, the Trailblazer incorporated much of Oleg’s recent insights and innovations. Master Olson’s shadow loomed large in the schematic as well, so Ves already determined that the engine featured her characteristic endurance and longevity.
 Engines with comparable performance featured a market price of around three billion bright credits for a standard ten-year license. As Ves continued to hold back his assent, Oleg even offered to waive the per-unit fabrication fee, which meant that Ves didn’t have to cough up additional credits when he fabricated an engine.
 "That’s as far as I go. These licenses aren’t much, but they’re the crystallization of our master’s teachings."
 "Alright, Oleg. I’ll take on your bet." Ves decided after letting out a deep breath. "But let’s make sure it’s fair by setting the ground rules. I don’t want the outcome to be in question."
 Leemar was Oleg’s home ground, so Ves wanted to extract some assurances out of him. As Oleg worked with the machines in the Apprentice Workshop for years, he possessed an undeniable advantage in terms of fabrication. To make up for this disparity, Ves enjoyed two days of fabrication time compared to Oleg who only limited himself to a single day.
 The boy appeared awfully confident despite his handicap, but Ves couldn’t push his privileges too far.
 "Where can we get some neutral mech pilots to judge our designs?" Ves asked.
 "Oh, we can call Horatio and he’ll take care of it. The LIT always borrows a couple of mech cadets from Abelard whenever we need a pilot to test out their toys."
 Ves remembered that the mech pilots who participated in the Leemar Open Competition also came from Abelard Academy. He found that most of them were highly capable if a bit cocky and undisciplined. Some cadets even let their arrogance get ahead of them. Could they be honest and objective enough to prefer his design over Oleg’s?
 "Let’s go with ten pilots. It won’t take too long to let them take our mechs for a spin."
 "Okay."
 In the end, they came to an agreement on the format of the mech design duel. They would design a knight based off a random selection of old components equivalent to 3-star mechs in Iron Spirit.
 Ves had 48 hours to design his knight and fabricate it with the machines in the workshop, while Oleg made do with 24 hours. In the meantime, Horatio already received their request to provide a number of cadets to Master Olson’s estate so that they’d be able to test the finished products.
 Horatio looked rather critically at Ves. "Are you certain you want to go through with this wager? Oleg is not a normal child. His talent in mech design is extremely frightening."
 "With all the concessions he’s already made, I don’t have a reason to refuse anymore." Ves resolutely replied.
 "Do take care, and don’t come crying if you lose."
 In truth, Ves still felt apprehensive about this duel. However, his pride as a mech designer urged him to confront the direct disciple’s challenge head-on. He already stacked the deck in his favor.
 When he considered the potential payoff, Ves became determined to succeed. He had to get his hands on Oleg’s precious license. With the powerful trailblazer as a central component to his original design, his phoenix would truly be able to embody the persistence and longevity he laid out in his vision.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 In addition, if he won the license, he’d be able to spend his credits on other goodies. The mech engine and power reactor component licenses always cost the most due to their fiendishly high complexity. A good engine could make or break a mech design.
 If he could get that taken care of now, Ves could allocate more funds on procuring a decent power reactor license. The better his components, the likelier his original design attracted positive attention, though he also had to pull out their strengths in a splendid overarching design.
 Throughout his musing, Lucky meowed indignantly at Ves.
 "I’m sorry Lucky!" He apologized and picked up his cat and stroked his chin. "I know the bet is callous and all, but it’s for a good cause. You don’t expect me to lose, do you?"
 Lucky hissed at Ves and forcibly jumped out of his embrace. Ves merely shrugged at the cat.
 "Fine then! Just wait and see!"
 Ves calmed his mind and tried to get into focus. They agreed to start the duel within minutes.
 Oleg stood at the side and stretched his fingers, ready to employ his considerable talent and skill into designing a great knight mech.
 In truth, Ves treated the mech design duel as a practice session for designing his original mech. Every duel forced the participants to form a complete design out of a handful of standalone components.
 While the duel format made things easier by providing pre-designed limbs, torsos and heads, the concept essentially stayed the same. The mech designers had a lot of freedom to shape the form and content of their designs.
 Want to design a three-legged mech? Sure! Want to design a ball-shaped mech that rolls around like a ball? Go ahead! A mech designer had the freedom to realize every possible idea no matter it was good or bad.
 In this regard, Ves admitted his inferiority to Oleg. He expected any knight the boy wonder designed to be a high-quality machine despite spending half his time on its design and fabrication.
 Even if they set their goal on designing and fabricating the most comfortable mech, strength provided its own way of comfort.
 For example, any mech pilot would rather own a Caesar Augustus than a Marc Antony Mark II due to the former mech’s superior armor system. The two designs differed so drastically in performance that his homemade Mark II simply couldn’t close the gap with its trivial advantages.
 That was the main reason why the Caesar Augustus still sold for around sixty million credits while the Mark II sold for half as much.
 In order to sway the test pilots to his design, Ves not only had to excel in terms of shaping the X-Factor, he also couldn’t fall too far behind in terms of fundamental design skills.
 "A sparrow can still compete with an eagle, but an ant can forget about it." Ves muttered to himself. "I’m still an Apprentice Mech Designer."
 No matter how much knowledge Master Olson stuffed into Oleg’s head, he was still a teenager. The direct disciple only had so much time to devote on his studies. More importantly, he also cross-trained in engine design, which certainly stalled his progression in other areas.
 Ves shook his head. Enough obsessing over the little freak. It was time he started coming up with a good design. He started focusing his mind on an appropriate set of myths. To maximize the power of the X-Factor, Ves decided to employ multiple powerful images.
 The mere thought of how far he could push the X-Factor unleashed a sense of excitement within his bones.
 Considering the transient nature of his design, Ves skipped the growth element of the X-Factor. In order to win over the test pilots as quickly as possible, he decided to focus on immediate impact.
 By now, Ves developed a standard procedure of sorts when trying to shape the X-Factor. At his current level of concentration, he’d be able to work with a maximum of three images, all of which served a different purpose that would synergise with each other when they came together.
 The first image defined and enhanced the role of the design. The second image centered around a powerful totem animal that introduced the right mix of primal instincts into the design. The third image should be based around the myth of a legendary human figure in order to strengthen his design’s higher level cognition.
 With this division of images, Ves established his first formal X-Factor technique. He called it the Triple Division for convenience.
 The first image should be an idealized knight mech. To maximize the compatibility between his mech and the test pilots, Ves wanted to ground the experience with something familiar. By building up the foundation of his X-Factor on the knight mech itself, Ves insured that no matter how many individual touches he applied, the test pilots would still feel at home.
 Sometimes it might not be a good idea to put the archetype central to the design in question. Too much familiarity bred contempt, or at least made the design appear a little boring.
 In order to balance out the familiar, Ves counterbalanced it with a strong and invigorating totem animal.
 "Let’s go with a hexapod king."
 Though he’d never seen a hexapod king in the flesh, he intimately studied the Kaius, which was based on its carcass. The sheer power and terror of them both made for a profound image that had long been seared into his mind.
 Choosing the hexapod king as the totem animal for his design shifted its emphasis from defense to offense. Though his design would very likely lack the endless power supply of the beasts, it would still be able to inherit much of its primal ferocity.
 Choosing such a savage totem animal risked getting out of hand, so Ves decided to temper it with a more rational human legend. What kind of mythical figure could he conjure up that fit well with the design without being too excessive?
 Ves went with the image of a mounted knight called the Leading Edge, or Sir Edge for short. He’d been born in the saddle and had been brought up to serve as a professional knight since he first showed his aptitude for riding.
 As a consummate cavalryman, Sir Edge had mastered fighting in both a mounted and dismounted state. On foot, he could hold a shield wall as any other shield bearer, but he truly came to being when he sat on the saddle. He knew how to keep an overview of the battle and choose the right timing to go in for a thundering charge.
 In the heat of the battle, he tossed almost every consideration aside and fought with his heart’s content, bellowing war cries all around!
 As Ves became increasingly immersed in the backstory of the Leading Edge, his competition hadn’t sit still. Oleg already sprinted towards a design terminal and drew up a basic schematic based on what he thought would be a ’comfortable’ knight.
 As a young and talented Apprentice Mech Designer, Oleg developed his own approach to mech design. He possessed a much deeper foundation in the nuts and bolts of mech design, so he hardly needed to pause in the process of picking out components.
 Unlike Ves, Oleg decided to stick with the classics and design a fully defensive knight. While his design still stuck to the medium weight class, Oleg pretty much jacked up its armor budget to the maximum possible amount.
 "A knight can never have too much armor." He thought as he rapidly refined his rough schematic into something presentable.
 He utilized the full functions of the advanced design software in his terminal. A separate projector constantly subjected the latest version of the design to a barrage of standard simulations, which the hidden super processors buried underneath the workshop churned out in rapid tempo.
 With the help of these powerful functions, Oleg rapidly eliminated the weak points in his design. His optimization-based approach to designing his mech made full use of the abundant amount of processing power at his disposal. Without the corresponding amount of resources, Oleg’s approach would never achieve results so quickly.
 The only downside to this method was that Oleg exerted relatively little control over the direction of his simulations. It constantly spat out error-prone results that led him into dead-ends. This forced him to backtrack on his designs until he reached the point where he could take a different path.
 His approach also let go of any attempts to adhere to a strong vision. Even Oleg didn’t know how his design ultimately looked like. Some designers couldn’t even image working without a definite goal in mind, but Oleg embraced the inherent uncertainty.
 It didn’t matter how the end product looked like. As long as its specs surpassed the previous version, Oleg was happy.
 In contrast, Ves let his vision guide his design choices. Once he split his focused and dipped it into the Triple Division, his mind became filled with the righteous purpose of shaping it into reality.
 "Let’s see what I have to work with." He said and opened the catalog in his terminal’s design suite. The parts listed in the catalog came in different sizes and shapes. Even a minor deviation had a lot of implications to his ultimate design.
 Instead of making calculative choices based on specs, Ves took a step back and viewed the parts in a holistic manner. Each time he saw a part, he asked himself whether they conformed to the images buzzing in his mind.
 Most of the time, the images buzzed in disapproval. Only a couple of times did they show their approval. He slowly ticked off the necessary components until he ended up with a full set of components.
 At first glance, they didn’t seem powerful. Ves ended up passing over the most powerful components in favor of those that harmonized well with his vision and each other. They all possessed an intrinsic underlying rule that Ves didn’t fully understand.
 "Why these parts?"
 At first glance, the frame and limbs didn’t fit with each other. The legs provided a lot of mobility when paired with a powerful engine, but were rather vulnerable to damage to the rear. The torso area on the other hand possessed a lot of bulk in order to accomodate a powerful engine and protect its internal components well.
 Most notably, Ves picked an asymmetric set of arms. The shield arm was larger than the sword arm so that it could brace the heavy shield without breaking apart. Meanwhile, its sword arm might lack in brute strength, but its added speed and flexibility opened up a lot of movements that conventional knights would never be able to pull off.
 The combination didn’t make sense at first glance, but Ves quickly figured out the rationale of this selection.
 The strengthened legs optimized his mech’s charge. Its weaknesses were largely mitigated as long as the mech constantly faced the enemy.
 The heavy torso and shield arm allowed it to remain standing under fire or use its bulk in an offensive capacity by bashing through its opposition.
 Its flexible sword arm gave his mech the opportunity to outduel a melee opponent. The relative lack of strength in the sword arm didn’t matter because the mech always possessed the option of bashing with its shield if it needed a power attack.
 Overall, the mech possessed a good mix of offense and defense as long as it could dictate the terms of the engagement. Its entire rear portion would always remain vulnerable, though many other medium knights suffered from the same problem.
 Only heavy knights featured all-around protection as they had the armor to spare.
 Ves proceeded to bring his selection of parts together. After he fitted them into a single frame like a crude puzzle, he proceeded to refine his design by utilizing some of the simulations in the design speed.
 That was when he finally found out about the immense amount of processing power hidden beneath the terminal. His eyes practically popped out of his eye sockets as a set of simulations that would have taken weeks to complete at home only took three seconds in the Apprentice Workshop.
 What Ves found even more bizarre was that the terminal stated that his simulations only used up a fraction of the total amount of processing power assigned to the Apprentice Workshop. Ves could not even imagine the amount of calculations Master Olson routinely performed to require such an extravagant setup.
 "This is a lot more processing power than I need."
 No matter how many resources Ves had at his disposal, they were borrowed goods. It would take a very long time until he earned the funds to upgrade his workshop to this level. For now, Ves stuck with his own method and proceeded to refine his design in his own way.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Different from Oleg, Ves already had an endpoint in mind, so he constantly tweaked the schematic in accordance with the desires of his images.
 Each time he found an elegant solution that harmonized with the concept of his vision, his images bonded ever closer with the design. Ves felt as if the design and the images became more intertwined. Their existences even started to blur a bit as Ves brought his considerable amount of mental power to bear.
 His highly intense state of mind even shook Oleg from his routine. The boy looked over at Ves and thought he saw a monster in human skin.
 "Damn, have my eyes gone bad? I better take a break. I even missed dinnertime!"
 As Oleg quietly left the workshop to fill his stomach and refresh his mind, Ves continued to work without any signs of fatigue. His highly enhanced body had surpassed the strength of his mind, which allowed Ves to skip the usual process of eating and sleeping for a brief period of days.
 Against a prodigy like Oleg, Ves never even considered taking a long break. Every second of his forty-eight hour time limit was inordinately precious to him because it was the only way he could catch up to his fellow Apprentice Mech Designer.
 "I’ll spend thirty-two hours on the design process and leave out sixteen hours to fabricate my design."
 Ves carved out quite a bit of time for the fabrication and assembly phase due to the complexity of the armor system. It possessed just the right mix of protection without taking up a lot of mass.
 As a downside, the end product varied a lot, making it an unsuitable formula for mass production. It required a skilled mech designer or fabricator to manually produce each piece of plating one at a time.
 "Let’s not get ahead of myself. First, I have to finish my design."
 He went back to work after refocusing his mind. The hours slowly passed until it became night. Leemar II used to adhere to a wildly different rotation cycle, but its extensive terraforming process stabilized it until it became identical to Old Earth.
 Thus, the night came and went without notice, the workshop was situated underground. Even Oleg pulled an all-nighter, having taken some special medicine that allowed his mind to work at peak capacity for an extended amount of hours. He’d pay for it later, but until then he also made good use of his available time.
 Oleg must have wanted to get his hands on Lucky really bad for him to work so hard.
 The boy finalized his design in the morning, and moved over to the 3D printer and fabricated his first new parts. Despite his handicaps, Oleg maintained a confident smile on his face as he adeptly churned out part after part.
 In the meantime, Ves still hadn’t come close to finishing his design. While he made some progress with optimizing his schematic, he stumbled across a dilemma that forced him to a halt.
 Ves brought him images into reality by visualizing their life cycle. The more details he added, the more vivid they behaved.
 At some point, they started thinking on their own. His creativity ran out of control and filled in some of the gaps that Ves had unconsciously left behind.
 For example, the knight mech yearned to increase its defense. Even as an offensive-oriented mech, it expressed its dissatisfaction with the current design’s inadequate armor cover. Ves skimmed off a bit more off its armor plating than usual in order to keep the weight down.
 The totem animal on the other hand didn’t care so much about the armor. Instead, it yearned for a much more effective offensive kit. Hexapod kings proved their strength not by acting like a turtle, but by threatening its rivals with overwhelming might.
 The human myth component of the Triple Division also grew more discordant. The Leading Edge’s objection to the design mainly revolved around the staying power of the design. Ves chose to go for a high-impact operation mode in order to make the piloting experience as exhilarating as possible. However, choosing this road obviously used up more energy.
 Compounding the problem was that the totem animal showed signs of overpowering the other two images. Ves had unconsciously inflated the hexapod king’s tyrannical greed and cruelty to the point where the image almost became capable of contending against the other two images.
 While making his images come to life had always been a goal to Ves, their unexpected conflict left him with a dilemma.
 Should he stay detached and let them battle it out? Should he forcibly stop the struggle by separating the images? Or would it be best to maintain a tentative equilibrium by manipulating the images behind the scenes?
 Ves began his design process with a vision. To allow his images to evolve in an unknown direction meant that he’d be abandoning his initial goals in favor of an uncertain outcome. The X-Factor would transform in a direction that might have a beneficial or detrimental effect to the design.
 As much as he wanted to experiment with this new development, Ves decided to stifle it as best he could. His current circumstances didn’t allow for too many unexpected surprises.
 "It’s fine if this happens when I design a virtual mech, but right now I can’t risk ruining this design."
 Ves proceeded to turn his substantial amount of mental power to bear on his images. Since he lacked the time to figure out a way to solve the problem with finesse, he utilized brute force instead.
 He forcibly separated the images until clear barriers came into being between the three. This forced the integration of the images in the design to take a step back, but at least they didn’t argue with each other anymore.
 Next, he adjusted the traits of his totem animal in order to rein in its exaggerated behavior. He lessened the ferocity of the beast and granted it a small amount of cunning.
 When Ves finished his adjustments, he took a mental step backwards and regarded his images again. He succeeded in stabilizing the images, though he failed to preserve their strengths.
 In essence, his crude intervention solved nothing but prevented the situation from devolving into an unstable mess. Ves had in fact robbed his images of some of their life. This was especially the case with his totem animal.
 He learned some very important lessons after this ordeal. Images that had been granted with life developed in an unpredictable direction, sometimes going against his intended vision.
 "This is life."
 True life embraced the limitless potential of chaos. Life was never comfortable if it behaved according to a predetermined plan. A life shackled down by too many rules and restrictions lost much of the vivid traits that made it precious.
 Even though Ves applied the wrong solution, the overall X-Factor shouldn’t have suffered too much from his previous norm. He simply missed a small opportunity to evolve his current application of the X-Factor.
 "Now that this is done with, let’s go back to designing."
 While Ves spent precious minutes suppressing the unrest in his mind, Oleg started assembling his mech from the pieces he fabricated in record time. He easily slotted the components in their places, which proved that all of his components had come into existence without any noticeable deviations.
 The amount of precision he was able to maintain when he swiftly printed out the parts would have astounded a crowd of mech designers. Hardly anyone could insure their components were without flaws if they adopted the same speed. While much of the miracle could be attributed to the excellent machines in the Apprentice Workshop, Oleg’s comprehensive mastery over the fabrication process also played a decisive role.
 Ves felt the pinch as Oleg comfortably moved to the last phase of his design process. He required a lot more time to refine his design due to his desire to adhere to his vision. Many times, his tweaks lowered the performance of his design, or introduced new flaws that only became apparent when Ves made further changes.
 Normally, this happened all the time. Ves could easily draw back his changes and puzzle out a better solution over many iterations. However, Ves had already spent a day on this repetitive process. His snail-like progress could never match the efficiency of Oleg’s own approach.
 In the end, Ves stuck to his method and accepted that he’d never be able to optimize his design as well as Oleg. He focused mainly on eliminating the flaws that already existed in his design while leaving aside the many tricks he could use to enhance its performance.
 At the end of his thirty-two hour design phase, Ves smiled in satisfaction. Regardless of the many optimizations that he had yet to perform, his design had come together in a way that all of his images found acceptable, if barely.
 "It’s time to move on to fabrication."
 Most of his knight’s components required little effort to produce. Ves left much of the heavy lifting to the incredibly capable 3D printer fabricating his parts.
 Unlike Oleg, Ves took his time with the process, as he didn’t possess much familiarity with these specific machines.
 When the printer spat out all of the easier parts, Ves paid more attention to the next part. The fabrication process of the armor plating required his personal supervision and intervention if he wanted to finish it within his time limit.
 By nature, exotic materials all possessed unstable structures. Given time, they broke apart and turned into mundane elements or disappeared into nothing.
 This made them hard to work with. While automated production processes made a lot of strides in reducing the error rate, sometimes they spasmed when they faced an unanticipated situation.
 The armor system selected by Ves incorporated a lot of different exotics. Some of them didn’t react to well when put together, so the difficulty of fabricating the armor plating without any flaws was extremely high.
 Fortunately, Ves possessed enough skill to keep the problem in check. The extra time allotted to him for this duel proved to be a life saver for him as the lack of haste allowed him to maintain just enough control to prevent most flaws.
 Even his relative unfamiliarity with the chemical treatment machine and the alloy compressor didn’t stop him from making good time. The System demanded a lot of DP before Ves could master the alloy compressor, but the price had obviously been worth it as he never fumbled more than once when he came across something new.
 With a couple more hours to go, Ves assembled his parts in rapid time. Ves considered this phase to be the easiest one as long as he fabricated his parts within tolerance. The facts proved his case, as Ves hardly encountered a hitch.
 His knight design came into being as his time began to ran out. Oleg had long completed his own design and observed Ves from a distance with a yawn. To him, the knight designed by Ves didn’t seem all that special. He completely understood its components and their approximate performance in a single glance.
 "What’s the use of comfort in a mech?" He sneered. "A mech is not a cruise ship! Compared to absolute strength, no amount of luxury can compete."
 Mech designers competed mainly on performance. The design with the better numbers always commanded a higher appreciation by the mech pilots who entrusted their lives to them. Oleg possessed absolute confidence that his hasty creation could beat the one being assembled by his fellow apprentice.
 Once Ves finished checking over his mech, he breathed deeply and fell onto the floor. Even with his enhanced physical endurance, his mental strength couldn’t quite keep up. Ves had strained focus these last few hours in order to keep his images as vivid and lifelike as possible.
 All of that hard work paid off. In his formative sixth sense, Ves clearly sensed a powerful aura emanating from the frame. He largely succeeded in shaping his new creation’s X-Factor into a powerful force that had become inextricably attached to the mech’s existence.
 While he hadn’t pulled off something new this time, the newly-formed knight seemed to come alive in his eyes. The X-Factor gained more substance this time due to the sheer amount of mental energy Ves directed to its design and fabrication.
 To put it in another way, while the quality of the X-Factor stayed the same, its quantity increased by at least three or four times. With this abundant strength, the X-Factor permeated even deeper into the frame. This in turn enhanced the connection between the mech and its pilot.
 A clapping sound approached Ves from behind. "Splendid work, Ves! Your performance improved a lot since you took park in the Leemar Open Competition. You didn’t let Carmin down. What’s the name of your design?"
 "The Tyrant." Ves replied simply. It fit with his overall vision for the design. He was too tired to think of anything better. "I could use some rest first. Where can I get some food?"
 "Hah, we’ve got some of the best cooks on this planet! Let me bring you up to the dining room. I’ve already taken the liberty of preparing some dinner."
 While some authorized workers shipped the Tyrant to the surface through a cargo elevator, Ves and Oleg took some time to relax. Neither of them mentioned their work or the highly anticipated test. Instead, they chatted about Oleg’s career.
 "To be honest, I’m not sure whether I want to follow Carmin back to the Vermeer Group." Oleg revealed as he munched on the barbecued ribs of a native animal. "I’m still a citizen of the Carnegie Group. The bigwigs at Leemar promised they’d keep their doors open if I decide to stay."
 Master Olson had only recently ascended to her exalted rank. As a relatively junior Master Mech Designer, she still had a long way to go before she mastered every other major field of knowledge. Her exchange with the local masters would only last another couple of years before she felt she had nothing more to gain.
 "Do you have a lot of family back home?"
 "Oh yeah, but I hardly ever visit them these days. I’m grown-up now so it’s a little awkward to face my parents. They’re just average working folk, you know. Even if I send them a lot of cols, they don’t know what to do with it. I won’t be missing out on much if I go to the Vermeer Group."
 "You should follow your heart. It’s not like your parents and your friends are stuck in the Carnegie Group. You’ve got more than enough money to bring them with you."
 Ves didn’t dare urge Oleg more. To be frank, if Ves received the same offer, he’d still stick with the Bright Republic. His love for his home outweighed the possible benefits he’d enjoy if he relocated somewhere wealthier.
 They finished their meals and agreed to take some time to rest. Oleg was still dealing with the repercussions of the stimulants he took at the start of the duel while Ves wanted to rest his wrung-out mind.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Maintaining the Triple Division technique for forty-eight hours while taking only minor breaks proved very stressful to him. Fortunately, the previous phenomenon where he’d suffer from increasingly crippling headaches hadn’t occurred this time.
 "Tomorrow, we’ll see who’s mech will win."
 On a large and extensive training field, two mechs stood like giant statues. For this event, Horatio took some time off his busy schedule to mediate the mech design duel in person.
 Ves had already met Horatio in person, but he never presented himself to the man in person. Horatio appeared very dignified in front of the two apprentices. He cast a very long look at the both of them before turning his attention to their mechs.
 "Both of you have set a very subjective winning condition to your duel." He spoke. "Ten young mech cadets from the Abelard Academy will be visiting us here today. After spending thirty minutes with each of your mechs, the cadets will deliver their verdict on which mech they prefer in terms of comfort. Do note that these pilots might have a different understanding of the term than yours."
 "Will we be able to explain the meaning in greater detail?"
 "That won’t be necessary." Horatio said. "It’s best not to predispose the mech pilots into favoring one design over the other through the use of wordplay. Let them experience the mechs with their own biases.
 A shuttle arrived soon after and delivered ten random mech cadets. Some of them were elites who ranked close to the top, while others hadn’t found a way to excel in the academy. The only thing they had in common was that all of them had taken advanced training in piloting knight mechs. They wouldn’t be clueless when faced with the creations of Oleg and Ves.
 Horatio left the two designers on a closed platform and greeted the cadets after they arrived. As he explained the rules to them, Ves took a seat on a nearby bench and watched at the test pilots. He counted seven men and three women, not that gender mattered all that much.
 Oleg grinned at Ves. "Now that we’ve finished our parts, let’s share our design schematics!"
 "Sure."
 When Ves received Oleg’s design, he took a long time to parse the blueprint. Oleg decided to form a quintessential defensive knight, piling up its armor while leaving barely enough mobility to qualify as a medium mech.
 The concept sounded simple, but Oleg brought his design to an unprecedented level. He possessed transcendent skill in the field of battle mechatronics and mechanics, having taken the basic preconfigured parts and tweaked them in ways that optimized their endurance and defense.
 To be frank, the extreme level of optimization scared Ves a bit. Oleg managed to raise the overall performance of his parts by a third through updating their outdated design and optimizing them so that they performed at their best. In comparison, Ves would be lucky if he reached an overall improvement of twenty percent due to lack of time.
 That ten percent difference sounded small, but mech pilots and mech designers could easily tell the difference.
 The mech cadets began to rotate among the two mechs. Each of the pilots spent thirty minutes on each mech. They tested the machines and put them through their paces on the training ground.
 The yard even featured a sophisticated semi-virtual training simulator. Advanced programming and the clever use of bots and projectors allowed the knights to spar against imaginary opponents with some physical feedback. While it couldn’t replicate a true battle experience, the pilots at least experienced a taste of their mechs in combat.
 As the mechs moved through obstacles or light combat simulations, their differences became more pronounced.
 His Tyrant moved rather nimbly for a knight mech. Its mobility allowed it to run around the obstacle course with greater speed and control than Oleg’s lumbering machine. It excelled in frontal charges when it brought its considerable weight to bear upon a single opponent. Ves paid a lot of attention on its shock-absorbing capacity so that it wouldn’t suffer too much damage when it collided against another mech.
 White its armor couldn’t quite deliver the same performance, none of the pilots paid too much attention to it. They weren’t allowed the wreck the mechs they piloted. In essense, the Tyrant displayed all of its strengths while being able to hide its only major weakness.
 Ves hadn’t deliberately set out to achieve this condition, but it certainly helped his case.
 Oleg’s mech on the other hand moved with solid deliberation. While it possessed enough speed to sprint short distances, the mech hadn’t received any optimizations in this area. Instead, it presented itself as a quintessential medium knight, with all of the pros and cons that went along this archetype.
 From the schematics Oleg showed off, Ves knew that his design lacked any gimmicks. The younger mech designer probably lacked the time to implement something unique that could wow the test pilots.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Instead, Oleg mainly stuck to the basics, deviating only when it came to his specialty. The engine in particular provided his knight with a lot of force and endurance. The mechanical layout of his knight incorporated many innovative design choices that enhanced the knight’s ability to exert force.
 "Your knight hits slow, but hard."
 "A knight isn’t supposed to outduel an opponent." Oleg replied with a smile. "You’ve made an interesting choice with your mech, but I don’t know if it will help your case. Your own design isn’t able to throw its weight around once its forced to a stop."
 The boy had a point. The Tyrant performed at its best when it kept moving, but sometimes it needed to stay put in order to perform its defensive role.
 Time went by as the testing period dragged on. At the end of the session, all ten mech cadets spent at least an hour in the cockpits. Once they finished their testing, they passed on their evaluation to Horatio who subsequently tallied the score.
 Ves and Oleg left the observation room and joined Horatio and the pilots standing next to their mechs. While Oleg maintained his confident, sunny smile, Ves nervously awaited the outcome.
 Had the Tyrant made a good impression? Had the X-Factor succeeded in charming the mech cadets?
 Many questions swirled in his mind as he stood somewhat at attention. Everyone eagerly awaited the results of the duel.
 Horatio faced the mech designers with a nod. "Both of you have accomplished much in the limited amount of time at your disposal. I’m especially impressed with Oleg. Your ability to maintain the quality of your product despite the time limit shows you haven’t slacked off in your practice."
 "Thanks!"
 The older man turned to Ves. "As for you, don’t take your advantages to heart. Your master has invested a large amount of time and resources in his upbringing. We’ve been grooming him to compete at the most prestigious competitions this side of the galaxy such as the Rimward Games."
 Ves remembered that Miss Barakovski once competed at the Junior Rimward Games. The Junior Games offered an appropriate stage for young but talented mech designers to display their strengths in front of the entire galactic rim.
 That Horatio alluded to Oleg’s future entry in the adult version of the Rimward Games meant that the boy held a lot of promise. Master Olson must be very eager to build up her organization’s prestige by planning to show him off at such a major event.
 "I understand." Ves nodded simply.
 He didn’t really wish to think too much about Oleg’s current superiority. In a few years, his skills might have developed to the point where he’d be qualified to compete in the Rimward Games on his own merits.
 Horatio proceeded to turn the conversation back to the duel. "At a glance, the two of you employed different strategies in order to win over the mech pilots. I’ve noticed that Ves has kept to the spirit of the due. You’ve focused more on harmony and compatibility when designing your mech, haven’t you?"
 "I want my pilots to bond with my mech. While achieving higher performance is important, if the pilot can’t mesh well with his machine, he won’t be able to bring out its full strength."
 "That’s a bold statement." Horatio responded neutrally. He carefully refrained from expressing his opinion on the matter. "Oleg doesn’t seem to agree. I see you didn’t even pay much attention to ergonomics when designing your mech. You focused purely on maximizing your mech’s performance parameters."
 "Who cares about comfy seats! A mech pilot ought to know what’s best for him. Battles are usually won by the side with better performing mechs. That’s an absolute truth."
 "As you’ve alluded to, a mech is mainly built for war. When our mech cadets here graduate from Abelard, they’ll be sent to fight at various parts of Coalition space. They’re expected to endure extremely challenging circumstances while they pilot their mechs. If their mechs are not up to the task, they are piloting the wrong mechs."
 Ves took those words as an oblique warning to his approach to mech design. Sometimes, his obsession with the X-Factor led to decisions that missed out on increasing the performance of his machines. What his images sometimes urged him to stray away from the most optimal design choices.
 "I’m sure you’re impatient to hear who has won." Horatio finally said as he finished his brief lecture. "Without further ado, here are the scores!"
 A small projector sprung into existence that showed a short tally for each of the duelists. The final results astounded them both.
 Ves: 5 votes
 Oleg: 5 votes
 "It’s a.. Tie?"
 When the mech designers swept passed the tally and studied the breakdown of the votes, the division became more evident. The higher ranking mech cadets leaned on the side of Oleg’s knight while the lower ranking cadets preferred the Tyrant.
 Oleg didn’t understand the result. "Why hasn’t my mech won over the rest?"
 "Can you make a guess?"
 The younger mech designer paused to think through a reason. "Perhaps those who are more skilled don’t require as much accomodation as those who need more practice. The best mech pilots can adapt to any machine in an instant."
 "What do you think, Ves?"
 "I think the higher ranking pilots know they’re destined to pilot the best machines." He replied with his own understanding of the voting pattern. "Every mech pilot wishes to pilot the most elite mechs, but not everyone gets their wish. I think the more average mech pilots have a better affinity with lower performing machines that do their best at accommodating their level of skill."
 Again, Horatio declined to express an opinion on both of their judgements. He simply acknowledged their answers and let them think about it by themselves.
 "There are many reasons why this pattern has emerged. The best mechs are not always the most appropriate mechs for the situation. You must never forget that your role as a mech designer is to accommodate the mech pilots who you are serving. Understand your market and tailor your products to their wishes. Don’t expect to succeed if you attempt to force feed your products to your clients."
 That sounded great and all, but both of the duellists stood awkwardly as none of them were able to determine a winner for the duel.
 "A tie doesn’t reflect the truth! I should win the duel!" Oleg suddenly said.
 Ves became alarmed at his insistence. While normally he’d be willing to concede to Oleg’s admittedly justified excuse, Lucky’s ownership was at stake this time.
 Ves couldn’t afford to lose!
 "We agreed to the conditions of the bet beforehand. While we haven’t anticipated a tie, that doesn’t change the fact that you willingly agreed to all of them! The design duel wouldn’t be fair otherwise!"
 "That just proves I’m the better mech designer!"
 The two couldn’t come to an agreement, so they turned to Horatio, who looked on with some amusement.
 "Do you really wish to move away from a tie and force a winner out of this duel?"
 "I do! I should be the winner!"
 While Oleg expressed his confidence, Ves stayed silent. The situation didn’t look too favorable to him, but if he expressed his dissatisfaction, he’d reveal his lack of assurance. In a situation like this where a mech designer had to stand by their products, Ves had to maintain some level of confidence in his work.
 "Very well. Then, I declare the winner to be Ves!"
 "What?!" Oleg screamed. "That’s not possible!"
 Even Ves didn’t expect Horatio’s answer. Privately, he already started scheming of a way to get Lucky back from Oleg’s clutches. He never thought that Horatio thought higher of the Tyrant than Oleg’s excellent design.
 "Why did he win!?"
 Even Ves hadn’t understood why Horatio favored him over Oleg. His design looked decent, but paled in comparison to Oleg’s hasty creation. The younger mech designer managed to create a miracle in only half the time.
 "I know you’re confused. You shouldn’t be." Horatio said and swept his arm towards the mech cadets who stood silently at attention all this time. "First, let’s hear our test pilots out. What are your thoughts on the mech designed by Oleg?"
 The pilots gave out a smattering of opinions.
 "It’s powerful. I can feel the difference in performance. Most of the training mechs don’t feel as powerful as this frame."
 "Slow but protective. I feel I can take on the entire galaxy with the amount of armor it carries."
 "It corresponds to what a knight should be. I don’t mind the lack of speed since it’s supposed to be a defensive mech anyway."
 "I can do anything with this machine! In the right hands, I can overpower anyone who dares to get close."
 "I can’t get used to its sluggishness. It’s as if my body is moving under water. It’s too slow."
 When Horatio asked them what they thought of the design made by Ves, they gave out a distinctly different opinion.
 "It feels like home. The mech just clicked for me."
 "It’s one of the few mechs I’ve piloted that actually worked together with me."
 "The performance is a little lackluster compared to the other one, but when I’m in the cockpit I don’t feel that way."
 "It’s very responsive. I don’t have to fight against the controls to make it do what I want. There’s hardly any learning curve with this mech."
 After the pilots gave out their opinions, Horatio clapped and attracted everyone’s attention. "You can see that the first thing that pops in the minds of the pilots differs drastically between the two mechs. Oleg, considering the terms of your mech design duel, do you truly believe you’ve overcome Ves in this regard?"
 "I still have five votes." Oleg stubbornly replied. "Even if I hadn’t focused much on comfort, does it even matter?"
 "You’ve chosen a crooked path to compete on comfort. Whether it’s important or not, the fact of the matter is that you’ve agreed to compete against Ves on the matter of designing the most comfortable mech. Ves is the only participant who worked earnestly on this area and the comments made by the test pilots makes this clear."
 "The mech pilots haven’t received a lot of clarity when they were asked to evaluate our mechs." Ves spoke up. "If they had a clearer idea on what they should be judging, then I might have received more votes."
 "Maybe, maybe not." Horatio said. "Oleg’s viewpoint can’t be discounted. A superior mech will always be valued more than a lesser mech. However, the rules for this design duel explicitly leaves out any comparison on performance. In this regard, none of the mech cadets have praised Oleg’s mech for its level of accomodation."
 Oleg wowed half of the mech cadets through delivering a better mech despite performing worse in the aspect of comfort. He might have missed the point on the duel, but he still succeeded in forcing a tie. That couldn’t easily be changed.
 "Don’t set your eyes on the present. Think of the future. After a couple of years, the both of you will be developing in different directions. If you hold the same duel at that time, who will prove to be more superior in the aspect of comfort?"
 By that time, Ves would have probably accomplished a breakthrough in the X-Factor. In addition, he’d also advance much further than anyone here expected. After all, they couldn’t have known about the heaven-defying nature of the System.
 Still, if he hadn’t advanced his other skills through the System, then Ves would still win on the matter of comfort. Only he possessed the requirements to work with the X-Factor.
 "If you put it that way, you have a point." Oleg reluctantly admitted. "But that’s in the future. We’re still in the present."
 "Yes, we’re still in the present. Therefore, I believe that you should demonstrate your magnanimity and offer a concession to Ves. Don’t forget that you are one of Carmin’s direct disciple. With regards to age, you’re junior to Ves, but with regards to seniority you enjoy a vastly higher position than him. To employ all your gifts to bully a junior who only received a few pointers from Carmin is not good form."
 Even Ves forgot about this point. Oleg behaved like a teenager but as a mech designer he enjoyed a very privileged status. Many older mech designers had to make way for the direct disciple if they met him on the street.
 "Besides, look at the stakes for this duel. If Ves loses the bet, he’ll have to give up a precious companion of his. Don’t think that Ves won’t start to resent you. They are lifelike creatures meant to bond with their owners."
 "On the other hand, if I lose the bet, I won’t lose anything substantial. A license is very valuable to Ves, but it’s nothing special to me."
 Licenses only held value to those who lacked the capability that it offered. It cost Oleg nothing but a potential loss in earnings if he gave one away without demanding anything in return. That was because licenses only granted the mech designer who received it the right to use a design.
 This was the nature of intellectual property. If someone wrote a virtual book, he could easily give it away to his friends for free. A couple of handouts didn’t really impact his sales in any meaningful way. However, if he became a bit too liberal with his generosity, then he’d be shooting himself in the foot by missing out on a lot of sales.
 Did Oleg look like someone who cared about giving away a free design? As a direct disciple, he enjoyed almost unlimited resources! A single engine license worth billions of bright credits was actually worth only a couple tens of millions of cols in Coalition space. For such a small amount of cols, Oleg would be too embarrassed to quibble about this sum of money.
 In the end, Oleg conceded the match to Ves. Though he still felt unresigned, he felt that as a senior he had to show off his good side to Master Olson’s latest apprentice. They both signed a couple of contracts on the spot that officially granted Ves the right to incorporate the Trailblazer engine model in any of his designs for a period of ten years.
 "It’s a really good engine." Oleg boasted as he swiftly recovered from his loss. "The Trailblazer is ideal for mechs focused on endurance and efficiency. Just take care not to push it too hard. It doesn’t handle peak loads very well."
 As Horatio left for another appointment, Ves had a suspicion he’d been used. Horatio obviously didn’t need to mediate the design duel in person. He must have used the opportunity as a teaching moment for Oleg. He not only learned to be generous, he also opened his eyes to another perspective on mech design.
 Ves shrugged. As the ’winner’ of this duel, he benefited from this moment as well. Besides his material rewards, this event also taught him about a hidden danger inherent in his design method.
 "Pursuing harmony at the cost of performance is not always the right solution." He concluded.
 In the Age of Mechs, an endless number of mech designs came into existence. While the market for mechs ensured that plenty saw sales, most models failed to attract any sales due to poor design choices.
 An optimized mech delivered much greater performance than a similar mech at the same cost.
 "I’ve been focusing too much on harmony at the cost of synergy."
 Harmony and synergy sounded the same, but they were actually very different concepts.
 As Ves understood it, harmony represented how well the design and its components agreed with the images he held in his mind. A good harmony ensured he’d be able to impart a strong and life-like X-Factor to his mechs. Few designers should be able to match his prowess in this area.
 On the other hand, most mech designers focused on maximizing synergy. This had nothing to do with metaphysics. Instead, it required both art and science to bring out the best performance out of every part.
 "Harmony and synergy doesn’t necessarily have to conflict with each other."
 Once his capabilities grew, his selection of design choices should also grow with him. More choices allowed him to make more optimal decisions without adversely affecting the overall harmony of the design.
 In any case, Ves got away with a massive win. After the end of the duel, Ves decided to wrap up his trip with a visit to the Clifford Society.
 Oleg begged off accompanying Ves. Ever since Horatio declared him the loser, the air between them grew a little awkward. Both of them needed some time away from each other.
 "I’ll be going now." Ves said as he held Lucky in his arms and left the estate.
 He took an aircar that brought him from the center of the archipelago to the northern region of the planet. Like the virtual version, the real version of the Clifford Society’s headquarters had been built on top of a mountain range.
 Naturally, real humans weren’t gods, so the Society hadn’t gone overboard in spreading their structures out. Most of the core buildings had been built around a cluster of twenty mountains. Man-sized floating ’eggs’ granted visitors a convenient way to traverse from one mountain to the other.
 His first destination was the marketplace. While most members sold their wares through the Society’s virtual portal, Ves wanted to take a look at some real examples. He visited the small town built at the foot of the mountains and browsed the largest shop that sold equipment.
 "Welcome customer." A floating bot said as it hovered over to Ves. "May I be of assistance?"
 "Take me to the alloy compressor and chemical treatment machines. I’d like to purchase a set."
 A set basically consisted of a compressor and a CTM that had been designed to work together. Usually, mech manufacturers preferred to link the two machines together with a compatible 3D printer. This allowed them to automate the process of fabricating compressed armor plating as much as possible, though the more complicated formulas still required human supervision.
 "Our shop offers thirty-two different sets. Please refer to the projections if you wish to view their specifications."
 Ves took a good look at the selection offered by the shop. The prices for the sets ranged from fifty merits to ten thousand merits. He only set aside two-hundred merits for his budget, so he excluded every other set that exceeded his price range.
 That left him with thirteen different pairings. As Ves studied their specs in greater detail, he determined that the differences in price directly corresponded to what they brought to the table.
 Some compressors and CTMs finished their processes faster than others. Other sets guaranteed higher precision. The newer sets offered automation to a wider range of formulas, while the older sets sold at a discount.
 Ves pulled back from his inspection before he got lost in the maze.
 "I should determine what I need before I start my selection."
 The Living Mech Corporation mainly aimed to for the higher segments of the mech market, so he didn’t place too much importance on speed and automation.
 However, if he wanted to enable his fabricators such as Carlos to work with compressed armor, some form of automation was necessary. The silver label mechs didn’t have to be perfect, but the sets had to offer some conveniences in order to allow his other employees to work with the machines.
 Several sets of alloy compressors and CTMs fit hit requirements. He eventually settled on a pair of systems that cost a hundred-and-ninety merits. They didn’t offer much in terms of automation, but a decent fabricator specialised in alloy compression should be able to handle the process without problem.
 "Even if Carlos can’t do it, I can hire someone else who can."
 Still, before he decided on the purchase, Ves visited some other stores in order to find out if he could pick a bargain.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 While most of the shops offered a similar selection of machines, he did find the same set at twenty merits off.
 "Why is this set so cheap here?"
 "It’s a refurbished set of machines." The cheaper store’s bot replied in a dutiful tone. "Their previous owner unfortunately perished on a mission for the Society. Due to his debts, this store has laid claim to his fabrication equipment. Do you wish to view the previous owner’s other machines? We offer discounts up to thirty percent depending on their condition!"
 The answer momentarily chilled Ves. He could have been one of the poor chumps as well. His trip to Groening might have showered him with merits, but he escaped from death by a narrow margin.
 Still, the set hadn’t seen much use. Ves checked their condition as well as their production logs and found them to be good enough that he wouldn’t get much better if he bought them factory new.
 "I’ll take this set."
 Ves decided to pick up a second-hand assembly system as well for the low price of twenty merits. Thus, he spent a total of a hundred-and-ninety merits on three machines that had seen a moderate amount of use.
 He also enlisted the services of a hacker who could unlock the restrictions set on the processors for the Dortmund printer. After some haggling, Ves agreed to hand over three merits to the bot that represented the hacker. Ves handed over the processor chips that had been stored in the Barracuda over the past few months and heard that they’d be ready within a few days.
 "Every problem appears trivial once you have a lot of wealth." He noted with a rueful smile as he exited the latest store. "Problems that keep me up at night can be solved with a single snap of the finger."
 His shopping spree showcased the power of a few hundred merits. He successfully acquired a number of high-quality machines that delivered slightly better performance than most machines available in the Bright Republic.
 "Together with the Dortmund, I’ve acquired a full ensemble of industrial gear."
 What did that mean? It meant that from now on, his physical assets ceased to be a hindrance. If he wanted to, he could even fabricate the original Caesar Augustus with his newly purchased equipment.
 Now, he had over two-hundred merits remaining in his account. While that sounded a lot, he also had to acquire a lot of component licenses. While some of the smaller components sold for only a couple of merits, the large amount of components added up to a frightening sum. Ves obviously had to set priorities.
 "The three things I need the most to design a high quality knight is an armor system, a power reactor and artificial musculature. Together with Oleg’s engine license, I’ll have all my bases covered."
 If he had any merits left after making those purchases, he’d settle on acquiring some decent licenses for some peripheral components such as ECM, energy cells and a cockpit.
 As for the really minor parts such as gyroscopes, sensors and a transceiver, he’d settle for acquiring cheaper ones with credits. Hopefully he’d be able to save as much merits as possible in case he wanted to borrow some exclusive books from the Moon Library.
 Ves found his shopping experience to be exhilarating. While the pricier products remained out of his reach, the product standard in Leemar ensured that even the cheaper offerings in the store could compete with what the Bright Republic regularly used.
 The only problem he faced was that a lot of the parts for licensing required a large amount of exotics to work. Ves couldn’t help the fact that the Friday Coalition ruled over the most resource-abundant territory in the Komodo Star Sector. Resources that were extremely scarce in the Bright Republic could be acquired for a reasonable sum in the Coalition.
 In fact, many of the cheapest licenses consisted of badly optimized components. They only reached a reasonable level of performance by virtue of their extravagant use of resources.
 Thus, even with an upfront price tag of a dozen merits or so, Ves would still lose a fortune over time as the production cost per unit racked up to a terrifying digit.
 Thus, Ves had to ignore most of the deceptively cheap offerings and turn his attention to the more expensive licenses offered by the real experts.
 This was where the strength of the LIT came through. As a major technological center for education and research, the Leemar Institute of Technology possessed connections to a vast network of scientists and engineers. Many of its alumni that went on to become successful component developers made some of their best licenses available to their alma mater at preferential prices.
 Despite the discounts, the prices for the more decent-looking armor systems quickly ran up in the thousands of merits. The prices were so disgustingly high that it became obvious that they only catered to a breed of mech designers.
 The products within a more affordable price range all came with various issues such as the problem mentioned earlier. It became very difficult for Ves to seek out a decent armor system that didn’t break the bank.
 "I can’t go on like this. I have to give something up."
 Some armor systems could be licensed on the cheap, but racked up many millions of credits in production costs.
 Other systems offered reasonable prices in both areas but delivered mediocre performance.
 Those that performed slightly better were so difficult to fabricate that his error rate would balloon to twenty-five percent.
 Obtaining a perfect armor system that checked all the boxes was out of the question. Ves had to make a careful consideration on what he’d be willing to sacrifice.
 "I’ll be marketing my product to the Bright Republic, not to Friday Coalition, so I don’t have to adhere to the prevailing standard of a second-rate state."
 It pained him to lower his standard, but Ves concluded he made the right decision. As a young entrant in the mech business, Ves hadn’t built up his brand to the point where the local market believed he’d be able to participate at the top segments of the market. A design that’s too high-end would end up as another white elephant akin to the original Caesar Augustus.
 The catalog looked a lot better now that he let go of his unrealistic standards. In order to future-proof his designs once the next generation arrived, Ves focused his attention on armor plating that withstood directed energy weapons a little better than usual.
 Apparently, many other mech designers had the same idea. The prices for these valuable systems averaged around twenty percent over armors that specialized against absorbing shocks and kinetic impacts.
 Against this scam-like market behavior, Ves could only grit his teeth in response.
 The list of products that met his criteria still consisted of several hundred products. Ves spent an entire day pouring over the specs of each viable armor system. His decision had far-reaching effects for the immediate future of his mech career, so it was of utmost importance for him to make the best decision possible.
 He settled for a rather boring choice. He chose a decently successful armor system that had been developed a decade or so ago. Though it was on the old side, plenty of mech designers who purchased the same system had nothing but praise for the armor.
 "Thank you for purchasing the Burgens and Sons Co. Keltrex Avi E-33 armor system!" The cheerful sales bot exclaimed in a weirdly feminine tone. "A sales representative will be with you in a moment to establish a licensing contract! Please be patient!"
 A few minutes later, a man emerged from the air. His antigrav clothes brought him straight to Ves. After shaking hands, the sales representative offered him three different variations of the licensing contract. The variations gave Ves more favorable terms depending on his production pattern.
 If he intended to engage in high-volume production, it was worth it to spend some extra merits to lower his per-unit fees.
 On the other hand, if he only intended to sell a dozen or so mechs a year, then he could take a discounted contract that put hard limits on how many times he could fabricate the Keltrex.
 While Ves didn’t plan on establishing a huge production plant, he did aim to achieve a sales figure of at least a thousand mechs a year. With his new and refurbished equipment, his workshop should be able to reach this ambitious goal.
 "I’d like to sign the standard contract, please. I don’t want any restrictions and I don’t need any additional privileges."
 "A good choice, Mr. Larkinson. The upfront fee for the standard contract amounts to seventy-five merits."
 Ves transferred the painfully high price tag with his comm. This was only the beginning. Since they signed a contract in Coalition space, Ves had to transfer his production fees in cols instead of bright credits. The cost per copy amounted to 30,000 cols or around 3 million bright credits.
 He winced at the thought of throwing away so much credits whenever he fabricated a copy of the Keltrex system. The much cheaper HRF armor system that he currently used for the Mark II only demanded a modest fee of around 100,000 bright credits per copy.
 Still, he didn’t regret his choice. Among the cheaper armors available in the shops, the Keltrex system happened to require exotics that were relatively abundant in the Bright Republic. Ves didn’t have to import rare resources from far-flung states in order to meet his production needs.
 In this regard, the higher-than-average per-unit fee was a worthwhile sacrifice to make.
 "I still have to pay a fortune for the raw materials alone. It gets worse if I have to fabricate a set of armor for a knight."
 Knights piled up on a lot of armor, more than any other archetype. Ves already calculated that he had to spend a whopping twenty million credits just to fabricate a standard set of knight armor. Worse, the cost might reach even greater heights if the cost of raw materials continued to rise.
 Since Ves set a target sales price at around 60 million credits for his original design, the ludicrous expense was still somewhat bearable.
 Fortunately, the Keltrex system brought a lot to the table. Burgens and Sons Co. developed several variations of its Keltrex series. While the Keltrex Avi E-33 was one of its cheapest offerings, it still enjoyed some of the advantages of its more expensive cousins.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The biggest attraction to Ves was that it didn’t weigh too much. While other systems relied on large amounts of conventional alloys to make up for their disappointing formulas, the Keltrex used an ingenious formula that brought out the full strength of their special alloys.
 "It’s not only great for knights. I can use the same armor system for other types of medium mechs."
 Its versatility allowed Ves to use the same production license in multiple different designs. This allowed him to save a lot of money in the long run.
 The same went for Oleg’s Trailblazer engine, though it did shoehorn Ves into designing mechs that fit its traits.
 Ves shopped for other component licenses with the same thought in mind. With thirty-five merits remaining in his budget, he quickly acquired a relatively boring set of component licenses for the ECM, energy cells and cockpit.
 With his most important purchase behind him, Ves relaxed and took his time browsing for a decent power reactor and artificial musculature license. After another day of contemplation, he handed over thirty-five merits for a satisfactory pair of component licenses.
 While their specs fell fell a little short of the Trailblazer engine, the one area they excelled in was endurance. They’d be able to withstand a decent amount of damage and keep running.
 "I only have a hundred merits left."
 He considered spending them on other component licenses, but eventually stuck to his original decision of holding back a reserve. "If I can’t acquire the rest with credits, I can still spend my merits later."
 At this stage, Ves hadn’t even drafted up a preliminary sketch of his original design. If he purchased a complete set of component licenses before he even drew up a draft design, he’d be liable to shoot himself in the foot.
 "What I have now is enough."
 Ves acquired the most essential components to start his draft. With the Trailblazer engine and Keltrex armor system at the core, he acquired all the essential ingredients to bake a great cake. It was up to a great cook to process these ingredients and incorporate them into a well-designed dish to bring out all of their qualities.
 Now that he completed his shopping, it was time to return to Cloudy Curtain. Ves held Lucky in his arms and hailed an aircar that brought him back to the Barracuda.
 The Barracuda slipped into FTL in a blink.
 Having left the Leemar System, Ves felt as if he left the paradise for the wasteland. He became enchanted by Leemar’s high level of development. The products that second-rate states like the Friday Coalition took for granted could hardly be found in the poorer states.
 It wasn’t as if the Bright Republic had no means of getting access to high technology. However, the higher tiers incorporated a lot of exotics or exclusive research that made them too expensive for the poorer states to adopt at a wide scale. Only the upper echelon enjoyed a couple of gadgets at a ruinous cost.
 The distribution of wealth in the galaxy came down to resource endowment. Even if the poorer states acquired a couple of pieces of high technology, they’d be bankrupting themselves in the long run if they went overboard.
 Even if Ves acquired some fantastic component licenses from Leemar, he’d be pricing himself out of the market due to the ridiculous cost of his products.
 That didn’t mean that Ves had resigned himself to this remote corner of the galaxy. In his burning ambition to reach the pinnacle of mech design, he intended to use the Bright Republic’s market as an incubation ground for his nascent business.
 "At my current level, I won’t be able to make a splash in the Coalition."
 Too many geniuses like Oleg already occupy the entire market for innovative mechs designed by newcomers in the industry. In addition, Ves also had to contend with his rivals who emigrated from the surrounding third-rate states in order to seek out a better future.
 To someone like Ves who possessed no innate advantages but a very high growth rate, the Republic’s mech market provided him with enough demand to meet his needs.
 For now, Ves had some free time in his hands as it took his corvette several weeks to return to Cloudy Curtain.
 "What shall I do?"
 He could study some textbooks in order to broaden his perspective, or he could design a virtual mech so that he earned some much-needed DP. Currently, Ves hadn’t checked in with the virtual economy for a while, so he turned on his terminal and checked his Iron Spirit account.
 Surprisingly, in the past few months, his mech sales experienced a continuing surge of sales. While the market in Cloudy Curtain had pretty much been tapped out, his two principal models started gaining a tiny amount of traction on Bentheim.
 "It’s not only the Young Blood and the Old Soul that are doing well. Even the Mark Antony Mark II has sold over a thousand times."
 That explained much of the growth in DP during his time on Groening IV. Without this persistent trend of sales, he would never been able to spend so much DP on acquiring the essential skills and gadgets to get out of Doctor Jutland’s clutches.
 Ves poured into the comments that his Bentheim customers left behind. He found out that nothing in particular had been driving his sales except for his budding reputation for selling mechs that did well with fussy mech pilots.
 "This one feels like a cold beer in a warm evening! Thumbs up for this mech!"
 "I have a neural condition that makes me allergic to almost every kind of mech. My brain just spasms out if I force myself to pilot them! I thought I had to abandon my hobby of piloting mechs, but thankfully I found out about this AMAZING model! Please design more mechs!"
 "I bought the famous Mark II. It’s everything my buddies promised. There are no words to describe how deep your mind can meld with this model. Don’t pilot this mech if you want to compete. Buy it when you want to relax."
 Ves found a common strain among the comments. In the virtual community of Bentheim, he started making a name for himself as a niche designer who specialized in so-called ’recreational’ mechs.
 He didn’t feel flattered. As a serious mech designer, Ves aimed to build up a reputation for designing battlefield-viable mechs. If he started acquiring a reputation that his mechs were no good except for a couple of rounds of fun, then he’d face an uphill battle trying to persuade the market to purchase his mechs for their primary purpose. That is, to deploy them in battle.
 Fortunately, the phenomenon hadn’t reached the point of no return. To the larger community, Ves and the Living Mech Corporation remained largely unknown.
 He’d be able to shape his reputation once he released his first original design. That day came closer and closer now that he fulfilled most of the prerequisites for doing so. The road ahead had been paved. All he had to do was step forward.
 "It’s still not time."
 His intuition told him that he had to wait before he embarked on this ambitious project.
 Somehow, he lacked something vital that could elevate his original design into something great. He didn’t know what he currently missed. Could it be an obscure skill, or a unique component?
 In any case, if he designed his original mech at his current state, he’d be introducing an average and unremarkable design in an already bloated mech market. The LMC might not even be able to meet his current goal achieving at least a thousand sales a year if he published a boring design.
 He shook his head and turned his attention back to designing a virtual mech. Despite his worries, the galaxy still moved on. "Earning more DP is never wrong."
 Ves wanted to break the mold this time by designing something very different. In truth, he began resenting the act of designing variants.
 It was as if he took an existing piece of art and fiddled around with its appearance. Even if he improved upon the original work, most people would think he borrowed from someone else’s efforts.
 There was actually an element of truth in that statement. Modifying an existing mech skipped several vital processes in the art of mech design. Many mech designers tend to rely too much on these crutches and slowly became unable to transition to designing an original mech.
 "That said, I’m still not ready to design an original mech myself."
 As long as he kept this problem in mind, he wouldn’t fall into this trap.
 Before he embarked on designing a mech, Ves studied the market trend in the game for inspiration.
 This time he decided on designing a 4-star variant. Different from the lower starred virtual mechs, the 4-star designs usually catered to a more mature audience in the Gold League. They consisted of senior potentates who decided not to pursue a career in mech piloting and young adults who started their advanced training at an academy like Abelard.
 "If I want to correct my reputation, then it’s better to aim for the young professionals rather than the leisurely elderly."
 Most of the older potentates who got stuck in the Gold League only played the game in order to meet the minimum proficiency standard to qualify as a reserve pilot. Those with the potential to pilot had the obligation to keep their skills somewhat sharp. Those who acted lazy started to lose their much-cherished privileges.
 Ves knew the crowd. They were the old geezers and has-been pretenders who cared more about getting their hand-outs from the state than actually contributing something to society. They usually ended up squealing when the war erupted and progressed to a frightening degree. That was when the Mech Corps came knocking at their doors.
 Rather than aim for that group of leeches, Ves would rather design a mech for the likes of the young pilots he knew. "Like Charlotte, or Lovejoy, or even Melkor."
 He wondered how they were doing these days. Charlotte must be having a great time at the Republic’s branch of the MTA, while Lovejoy still underwent rigorous training in order to make the breakthrough from advanced pilot to expert pilot.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "If I want to design a mech that calls out to advanced pilots like them, I’ll have to design something challenging."
 Ves excluded the basic archetypes such as the knight and rifleman mechs from his consideration. He wanted something with a lot more nuance, though it also had to fall within his skill range.
 Each increase in stars came with a lot of added complexity. For example, Ves easily designed a flying light mech like the 1-star Seraphim due to that era’s primitive technology standard. Such a slapdash attitude to mech design couldn’t be applied so easily with several hundred years of progress in the picture.
 After leaving aside the more exotic categories such as aerial mechs or heavy mechs, Ves began to consider his remaining options.
 "A striker mech is too similar to knights, while skirmishers and ambushers are a bit too similar to my previous virtual designs."
 He started to consider some of the less commonly produced designs such as medium scouts or medium artillery mechs.
 "Hmm. What about an assassin mech?"
 It sounded like an interesting challenge. As ridiculous as it sounded, assassin mechs actually existed in recent times. They saw a lot of use in the first-rate superstates as a way to take out highly valuable cutting-edge mechs before they showed their strengths.
 While active cloaking technology had slowly diffused from the first-rate states to the rest of the galaxy, it remained fairly expensive, so the rim rarely used these types of mechs.
 Fortunately, the game made everything more convenient. While Ves would probably have to pay a higher price to get access to the right virtual licenses, he’d still be able to play around with cloaking technology.
 Ves browsed the catalogs of the game and saw that assassin mechs could be divided into several ways. Light assassins usually excelled in stealth while their medium cousins packed more punch. Some assassins came equipped with a powerful ranged weapons while others relied on a good melee weapon.
 Naturally, this was just a general trend. Plenty of exceptions still existed.
 Considering his specialties and his interests, he narrowed down his choice to a medium melee mech. It presented more of a challenge and benefited him more. The act of exploring a way to maximize the assassin mech’s ability to deliver a fatal blow in a single strike would advance his understanding of Master Olson’s teachings.
 He didn’t spend too much time on selecting a good base model. Due to the pricy nature of the technology, the virtual licenses of the cheapest models started selling at a staggering price of 2 million bright credits!
 Still, Ves had money to spare, with well over six-hundred million credits in the bank. The higher investment would also pay off, for the Mech Designer System capped the limit of his DP earnings for 4-star mechs at a much higher bar.
 "If I can succeed in designing this variant, I’ll be able to earn up to 100,000 DP in total from its virtual sales."
 What did 100,000 DP represent? It was one of the most difficult prerequisites to upgrade one of his Journeyman-level Skills to Senior-level. While Ves didn’t plan on upgrading any of his skills just yet, he could sure use the DP on other goodies, such as upgrading his mental attributes or acquiring the next tier of stealth augments from the Shop.
 After a couple of hours of casual browsing, Ves settled for a fast and silent model from some obscure company called Carrera Designs.
 Rather than a traditional mech business, Carrera Designs made their living by selling their designs instead of mechs. These design studios pumped out hundreds of designs a year. Most of them ended up forgotten in some shelf, but savvy mech manufacturers snapped up some of their more successful designs for quite a bit of money.
 The DarkSilver FFL-25 happened to be one of their unsold designs. One of the mech designers under the employ of Carrera Designs had been tasked with exploring the relatively new phenomenon of active cloaking.
 As its code number suggested, the FFL-25 represented the twenty-fifth iteration of their exploration. Due to the poor track record of the previous versions of the DarkSilver line, Carrera Designs never managed to sell the FFL-25 despite its high level refinement.
 Unknowingly, they slept on a hidden treasure. It only came into prominence several generations later.
 It possessed a short-lived but highly effective cloaking system for a medium mech. For about three minutes, they remained undetectable to the most commonly employed sensors that measured light, sound and various other kinds of signals.
 As long as the unsuspecting targets weren’t actively scanning for cloaked mechs, the DarkSilver model had a high chance of sneaking up to their backs.
 In comparison to its excellent but quirky stealth system, the FFL-25 happened to be slightly lackluster in making the kill. Its extreme devotion to stealth left little room for actual combat capability. The model had a lot of trouble trying to pierce through thick sections of armor.
 It also possessed paperthin armor that solely existed to enhance its stealth. Actual protection from enemy attacks remained a distant second priority.
 Many mech designers today used the excellent base provided by the DarkSilver design and worked to mitigate its flaws. Overall, they achieved mixed success as the base model truly left little room for enhancements. If they went too far, its supreme stealth system started to suffer.
 "It’s an interesting puzzle. I like it."
 Ves forked over the two million credit fee for the virtual license. He already looked forward to putting his own spin on this design.
 Ves didn’t feel like spending additional credits on additional virtual component licenses. One of the problems of the DarkSilver design was that it allocated the majority of its space on enhancing its active stealth systems. It contained precious little space for any other systems.
 Most of the variants he’d seen took the FFL-25 and added alternate loadouts. Instead of a piddly little knife, the other mech designers mostly provided their variants with limited-use weapons that delivered a large amount of damage in an instant such as bombs or acid containers.
 To be frank, Ves considered employing the same means, but he held off because he wouldn’t add anything new to the game.
 In addition, the solution seemed like a cheap cop-out that turned its back on the original intent of the DarkSilver line. The players who buy the variants mostly use them to sabotage the enemy base and supply depots instead of assassinating enemy mechs.
 "Why are there so few variants that retain the DarkSilver’s original purpose?"
 A handful of ambitious mech designers tried their hands at ’fixing’ the FFL-25. Their attempts either enhanced the base model’s strength while sacrificing its stealth capability, or they preserved its stealth but made only marginal improvements in its strength.
 Obviously, all of the mech designers who worked with the frame failed to find the silver bullet that circumvented the base model’s limited capacity. The oldest 4-star designs originally came out about a hundred years ago, which severely limited today’s designers from introducing modern innovations.
 The most successful variants therefore eschewed the stock design and rebuilt it from the ground-up. They used the same components and the same materials but rearranged them into a completely different package that delivered substantially higher performance in some areas.
 Not a lot of these redesigns existed as it required a lot of work for very little payoff, since assassin mechs never sold as much as mainstream mechs. However, this in turn gave Ves an opening for him to introduce something others hadn’t done before.
 "It’s a lot like designing an original mech in a sense."
 Letting go of the boundaries of the base model freed Ves from its restrictions but also gave him room to stumble. Nevertheless, Ves didn’t shy away from the challenge.
 First he had to set a vision for his variant. In his eyes, an assassin mech didn’t require protective armor. It avoided damage by virtue of its stealth systems and its speed. The base model mostly emphasized the former and paid only lip service to the latter.
 "Let’s focus on speed and momentum."
 The conventional assassin mech sneaked up on their targets at an opportune moment and landed a lethal blow. Once they finished the deed, they popped their chaff and snuck away during the confusion.
 "Just like the Old Soul in a sense."
 His 2-star sniper mech became known for its devastating ambushes and slippery escapes. This proved that the strategy worked, but Ves didn’t wish to retread the same old path.
 Instead, he envisioned an assassin mech that used its cloak not to get into point-blank range, but to position itself for a short but devastating charge.
 The beauty of this modus operandi was that Ves only had to ensure that his design possessed enough speed and acceleration. The arms and torso didn’t need any special attention. As long as they held up at the point of impact, his assassin mech should be fine.
 In essence, his variant relied on its running start to build up enough momentum to punch through an unsuspecting mech’s armor. A weapon that enabled the mech to transfer its force into a single point worked best in these circumstances, so Ves immediately decided on pairing his design with a spear.
 "The only problem is that the mech can’t maintain its stealth while running."
 Faster movement came with more vibrations and more disturbances in the air. It became vastly more difficult for its active stealth systems to suppress the deluge of signals.
 Ves had no solution to this problem, but it shouldn’t matter too much. In his imagination, he envisioned his assassin mech using its cloak to sneak in close to its target, but not too close to get detected by its passive sensors. These usually became more effective the closer anyone tried to sneak up on their backs.
 Instead, his assassin mech stayed just out of detection radius and readied itself for a charge. At the decisive moment, it rushed forward and closed the distance within seconds before ramming its spear into the vulnerable back of its target. After delivering its blow, the assassin mech ran away at full speed.
 "It’s going to be risky for the mech to survive without any form of chaff." He judged.
 The escape should be the most difficult phase of the assassination process. While he could fit a small chaff module onto his variant, it would likely affect the effectiveness of its stealth. Thus, he decided to leave it out of the picture and focus solely on stealth and speed.
 Now that he established a clear vision for his design, he began to construct a set of images for this Triple Division technique.
 First, he set the base role as an idealized version of his assassin mech. Ves simply added in his vision for his design and imaged more scenarios on how it should be used.
 The most important job for the base role image was to enhance the compatibility between the X-Factor and the actual mech. It didn’t need to be too strong or remarkable, but it couldn’t be inaccurate.
 Ves in fact possessed average creativity, but it should be sufficient to paint a detailed enough picture. It helped that his assassin mech possessed a one-dimensional playstyle. It revolved solely around the mech’s ability to set up for a charge and escape when the deed was done. As long as it achieved perfection on this part, his design didn’t need any added frills.
 Next, he moved on to the totem animal for his assassin mech. He wanted to pick out a predator that perfectly encapsulated his design’s ability to pounce at a target and get away quickly. Ves tried to come up with a standard Terran animal that fit its nature well.
 "Let’s go for a cheetah."
 These large cats were favored predators that had often been genetically modified for various purposes. Their extremely fast sprinting velocity endeared them to various customers that liked to take advantage of this trait to hunt for difficult prey.
 After browsing the galactic net, Ves found that the standard wild cheetahs exhibited different behavior in different situations. However, whenever it had to hunt alone, it employed a hunting strategy much like his assassin mech. Instead of stealth, it used various kinds of cover and concealment such as hills or tall grass to obscure its approach.
 Ves liked the imagery the animal evoked, so he centered his totem animal around a solitary cheetah. With plenty of footage on the galactic net, Ves had no trouble constructing a vivid image of the cheetah at hunt.
 Once he moved on to the final portion of the Triple Division technique, Ves had to be more thoughtful. The human myth portion of the technique required a lot of backstory in order to provide a lifelike human touch to the X-Factor.
 He didn’t pull off anything too fancy this time. He made up an assassin called the Last Spear, as he used to be a guard for a fallen royal household. The fall of the king as well as his relatives has forced the Last Spear into the life of a fugitive without status.
 The man fell into a bad crowd, and eventually made it to an assassin’s guild that taught him all the tricks of the trade. Ever since he completed his training, he began to wage a one-man reign of terror against his former enemies who took over his homeland.
 The Last Spear stuck to the weapon of his choice. He wanted to let his targets recognize his spear as it plunged through their chests and their life faded away.
 To him, it wasn’t about the money. It was personal. He swore fealty to the fallen royals and dedicated his life to defend their honor even in death.
 Others might think him crazy, but the Last Spear found his true calling in life once he started harvesting the lives of those who profited from the conquest. He made it his solemn mission to track down every bastard that contributed to the fall of the royals and stab his spear into hearts without fail.
 "Well, this is intense." Ves shook his head.
 His imagination got ahead of itself and conjured up a depressing image, one filled with both duty and pointless obsession. The Last Spear’s futile crusade against his enemies served no point except to torment his old enemies for a cause that no longer existed.
 Well, the specifics of the backstory didn’t matter too much in comparison to his character’s skills and mindset. As long as he could capture some of that quintessential expertise in his image, his X-Factor became substantially more helpful.
 This was especially important in this case as Ves wished to emphasize the rational side over the primal side of the X-Factor. A large emphasis on the latter in his previous designs should be the main reason why his designs gained a reputation for being recreational.
 "Besides, assassin mechs are extremely difficult to pilot. My customers will need all the help they can get."
 Most mech pilots hadn’t received any special training on how to pilot an assassin mech. Some accomodation in this area should be very helpful with easing his model’s substantial learning curve.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 With the three elements of his Triple Division technique set in place, Ves employed the full force of his mind and superimposed them into a single gestalt. With this hazy half-marged product in his mind, he got into a trance and started his redesign project.
 First, he scrapped the base frame, stripping away everything except for its barest support structures. When he was left with nothing but an alloy skeleton, he tweaked some of its bones in order to enhance its mobility.
 Then, he started adding in the organs. All of the essential components such as the engine and the power reactor filled up the internals. Different from standard mechs, the DarkSilver line employed a large suite of active ECM and stealth systems that all took up a lot of space. All of these gadgets demanded a lot of space.
 Ves crammed in as much as he could while building up his mech’s internal architecture at the same. His experience with the Mark II turned him into a veteran in this kind of work, so defty skirted past the knots that popped up every once in a while.
 Every savings he made in space or weight, he allocated it towards enhancing his mech’s mobility.
 He paid relatively little attention to flexibility and agility and merely piled up on its ability to accelerate in a straight line. His assassin mech should be able to pounce upon its target with as little lead time as possible. Thus, acceleration mattered more than top speed.
 "It still needs to be fairly fast in order to escape pursuit. It should at least run away far enough to re-engage its stealth."
 While his design slowly came into fruition, the Triple Division technique started to fluctuate within his mind. Just like with the Tyrant he designed in his duel with Oleg, the three images started to chafe against each other once they started to show more signs of life.
 Different from last time, his images didn’t fundamentally conflict with each other. While Ves hadn’t done so on purpose, all three elements possessed very few contradictions.
 Instead, they jostled around for dominance. None of his images wanted to share responsibilities. All of them wished to dominate the gestalt and turn the others into its slaves.
 The conflict became increasingly more heated as Ves did nothing to discourage the fighting. In fact, he’d been aiming something of the sort from the start. This time, he wished to see what happened when the fighting had stopped.
 Ever since his mind underwent some inexplicable changes, his influence on the X-Factor deepened. In particular, anything he imagined into existence took on a life on its own.
 What did this mean?
 It meant that his images took back their sovereignty! Their history, behavior, attitudes and aspirations developed on their own without conscious input from Ves. He might have created them in his mind, but their transformation into an insubstantial lifeform shielded them from any further alterations.
 Rather than describe them as his creations, to be altered or discarded at will, they became thoughts given form, that could not be violated on a whim.
 Naturally, Ves still remained the ultimate arbiter of their lives. As long as they took up space in the real estate of his mind, he could wipe them all away if he wished.
 "Not that it’s desirable to do so."
 Ves created the images to enhance the quality of his mech. If he wiped them out before completing his design, he’d be neutering its X-Factor.
 Like a parent who meticulously raised their kids, they had to let go of the reins when they grew up. Ves merely hoped he raised them well enough that they didn’t do stupid things like doing drugs or spend all their time awake on games.
 Currently, his three images shared the same amount of mental power provided by Ves. Thus, the initial struggles didn’t amount to anything as all three images encountered the same level of opposition.
 The stalemate quickly ended once his images expressed their personality traits. The assassin mech exhibited the least amount of activity, as it led a fairly short and one-dimensional life. In contrast, the cheetah and the Last Spear both enjoyed complete lives!
 With their inherent advantages, they employed their power in much more creative ways. They soon noticed the assassin mech’s failure to keep up. Sensing weakness, the cheetah and the Last Spear tacitly stopped their probes against each other and turned their full might onto the poor mech.
 The battle ended in an instant. Faced with attacks from two fronts, the assassin mech could barely put up a defense. The two voracious predators eagerly broke through its guard and frantically absorbed the substance that made up its existence.
 The assassin mech died. The cheetah and the Last Spear cannibalized its very existence and used the energies to enrich their lives. They both underwent another minor transformation that strengthened their existences.
 Once they fully digested their meals, the two surviving images eyed each other with barely restrained aggression. The cheetah exhibited unrelenting hunger towards flesh while the Last Spear stoically wished to put down the beast.
 The Last Spear pounced first. As a former guardsman, he knew that he wouldn’t be able to take his rival by surprise. So he decided to attack the cheetah openly, taking hold of the opportunity to deliver the first blow.
 The cheetah reared back in surprise. The animal totem’s strengthened existence suffered substantial damage from the opening strike. Enraged, the cheetah pounced on the Last Spear and started tearing apart his substance with its claws and teeth.
 In the end, the primal ferocity of the cheetah was no match for the ingenuity of man. The animal only knew how to attack and paid little attention to defense. The Last Spear endured the assault as best he could while he steadily whittled down the cheetah’s existence.
 Once he landed the final blow with his spear, the cheetah ceased to live. Its damaged and punctured existence became the tonic that fueled the Last Spear’s final growth. The man steadily absorbed his final opponent’s substance. His aura continued to grow stronger as he did so.
 When nothing was left of the other two images, the Last Spear bent down on his knees and saluted to the memory of the fallen royal house. Ves could feel his earnest devotion to his cause and how it gave him strength. The added energies had transformed the surviving image into something that approached a living human being.
 "It’s too bad it still falls short."
 Ves vaguely sensed that the Last Spear lacked a crucial ingredient that prevented his ascension into a higher state of being. The melancholy that emanated from the image bled over to Ves, and even he started to feel depressed.
 He shook his head. "I can’t lose sight of my goal."
 If he started sympathising with him images, he’d become their servants instead of the other way around. Ves had to remind himself that as much as he aspired to explore every facet of the X-Factor, it had to fulfill its original purpose of strengthening his mech designs.
 "I’m a runaway scientist who wants to subvert the heavens. It’s stupid to treat them like actual humans."
 It sounded a little callous, but it was an important distinction to make.
 Now that the battle in his mind came to a conclusion, Ves resumed designing his mech. The changes in his mind immediately led to adjustments in his style.
 While he still maintained his original vision, his perspective shifted to a direction that highly favored his sole surviving image. The Last Spear exerted a very strong influence in his decision making, to the point where Ves even backtracked on some of his earlier decisions.
 Overall, his assassin mech became even stronger with the spear. His design gained some added flexibility in its arms, allowing it to wield its spear more effectively besides thrusting it forward.
 Ves didn’t necessarily agree with this direction as he had to sacrifice some redundancy in the arms to make room for the modifications.
 "A skillful mech pilot will be able to outduel an opponent, but a lesser skilled pilot will suffer."
 With much less room for error, it heightened the difficulty of piloting his design. The mech pilot had to avoid damage to its arms at all costs. Despite its added capability, his core design still retained its focus on assassination.
 The Last Spear’s domineering influence permeated his entire design. The two became connected in a way that made it impossible for Ves to separate the two. He could only destroy them both if he stopped in his tracks, because his sole surviving image could only be contained within his mind for a couple of months.
 That had been an unwelcome surprise. While Ves never mothballed his projects so far, to learn that his images only had a limited lifespan ruined his mood somewhat.
 Once his images reached a higher state, his mindspace became more unwelcoming to their presence. He had to finish his design as fast as possible so that he could anchor their existences to a more accommodating space.
 Fortunately, Ves didn’t intend to spend too much time on his assassin mech. As the Barracuda swiftly reached the Bright Republic and almost reached his home, Ves put the finishing touches on his largely-completed design.
 Besides the redesign, Ves encountered very few hurdles on his way. His ample knowledge and the simple requirements for his design allowed him to focus solely on a couple of priorities, which led to very few conflicts.
 Ves borrowed a few influences from his other designs for his assassin mech. Most significantly, Ves incorporated the Festive Cloud Generator within the small amount of space available. Once the mech sprung its ambush and charged forward with its spear, the entire mech should emit a massive amount of raging black smoke.
 If its target became lucky enough to spot the phenomenon, the pilot should feel a lot of dread at the incoming wave of doom. Its effect became even more pronounced than the one he added to the Young Blood’s legs.
 His knight mech simply left a sharp trail behind its legs when it charged, while his assassin mech pumped out a lot more vapor. Ves wanted to amp up the illusion that nothing could stop his mech once it charged out into the open.
 While all of the vapor didn’t help the mech in its escape, it should still have a measurable psychological effect to bystanders.
 If things went right, the black train of doom should become his assassin mech’s calling card. Anyone who spotted it should instantly associate it to his design.
 Ves spent some time on personalising its appearance. The stealth armor his variant adopted from the FFL-25 took on a default black coating that minimized reflections. While anything he added over the coating minutely affected its ability to stay hidden, its active stealth systems should be good enough to minimize the problem.
 "I think you’ll like this." He said to his image as he added the emblem of the fallen royal house onto the chest of his design. The circular symbol resembled a curled up yellow otter.
 The Last Spear pulsed with strong emotion once Ves finished adding the emblem. Naturally, he also added in the symbol for his company at the much less prominent place on one of his assassin mech’s arms.
 The little touches of color added some levity to its serious appearance. Still, Ves didn’t wish to detract too much from its original purpose.
 "All it needs is a name."
 Ves already started thinking of a suitable name at the tail end of his design phase. He wanted to leave a name on his design that encapsulated its role without being too garish or incomprehensible.
 "What about the DarkSpear?"
 It certainly encapsulated the nature of his assassin mech in the most succinct way possible. Those who first encounter the name should immediately be able to associate it with his variant due to the unusual pairing of a stealth mech with a spear weapon.
 With that done, Ves submitted his latest design to the System after activating his Privacy Shield. Even in the confines of his own ship, he remained ambivalent about its security.
 [Design Evaluation: DarkSpear]
 Variant name: FFL-25P DarkSpear
 Base model: DarkSilver FFL-25
 Original Manufacturer: Carrera Designs
 Weight Classification: Medium
 Recommended Role: Assassin Mech
 Armor: F+
 Carrying Capacity: E-
 Aesthetics: B+
 Endurance: D
 Energy Efficiency: E
 Flexibility: C-
 Firepower: B-
 Integrity: C
 Mobility: C+
 Spotting: D
 Stealth: A-
 X-Factor: C++
 Deviance: 76%
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Performance improvement: 18%
 Cost efficiency: -3%
 Overall evaluation: The DarkSpear is a radical departure from the DarkSilver FFL-25 in many ways. While it largely retained the original’s stealth systems, the DarkSpear is able to assassinate its targets as long as it remains unopposed during its brief but violent approach.
 [You have received 100 Design Points for completing an original design with a performance improvement of over 10%.]
 [You have received 500 Design Points for designing a mech with a moderate presence of X-Factor.]
 The System really didn’t give his design any high marks. Over the year since he owned the System, Ves learned that the program evaluated his designs in comparison to the same type of mechs.
 While he wouldn’t have to compare his works directly with the best designs in the galaxy, it still disappointed him a bit that his DarkSpear variant scored so low in many areas.
 Different from his other evaluations, the System added a category for stealth. Only in this area did Ves achieve some results. While he hadn’t introduced any innovations in this area, his redesign successfully preserved the strengths of the FFL-25’s strong stealth systems. In the few areas that mattered, the DarkSpear at least met the minimum standard to fulfill its role.
 The only thing that puzzled him was that the System rated him C++ for the X-Factor. Ves had never seen the System use a double plus as a modifier for his score.
 "System, why did you give me a C++ and not a B- or something like that?"
 This time, the System got off its lazy butt and answered his question in earnest.
 [The X-Factor of your design has improved only marginally. The difference in quality exceed your previous efforts but it fails to meet the necessary standards to obtain a higher rating.]
 Ves figured something like that must have happened, but it still disappointed him that his experiments hadn’t led to a major breakthrough.
 "Obviously, something must be different. I’ll have to wait for customer feedback in order to find out if anything has improved."
 Ves introduced his latest variant to his virtual catalog with hardly any notice. At first, none of his fans noticed the addition of a new 4-star mech.
 That changed soon after when the first qualified Iron Spirit players tried out the DarkSpear. Word soon spread among the local players who reached the Gold League or higher.
 A new phenomenon soon emerged in the local virtual mech scene.
 By the time the Barracuda finally landed at Cloudy Curtain’s spaceport, he just released the DarkSpear. The storm this model unleashed in the local virtual community still required some time to come into fruition.
 At this time, Ves mostly concerned himself with logistics. The new equipment he ordered from Leemar had been loaded in a jumbo transport ship that still took a few more weeks to arrive in Bentheim. The shipment had been delayed due to the need to adhere to the schedule of fixed convoy routes.
 Naturally, the shipping services passed on the costs to their customers.
 "Business keeps getting more inconvenient." Ves shook his head.
 The Rimward Star Herald and all the other news portals had been hammering their subscribers with dire predictions about the state of the economy. The first major businesses that had been hanging on for years had already been tipped over into bankruptcy procedures due to the ongoing rise in costs.
 Fortunately, his Living Mech Corporation only operated for about a year. It hadn’t developed long enough to develop the massive overhead that older companies usually ended up with. He paid more for security than any other non-production expenses such as payroll, taxes and interest payments.
 Ves hoped to change that over time when he finally expanded his workshop’s production capacity. While he still had to wait for his alloy compressor and CTM, with the hacked processors in his possession he could finally put the finishing touches on the reconstructed Dortmund printer.
 He already looked forward to working with an industrial printer. Ves already had a taste of it when he worked with the stellar machines in Master Olson’s Apprentice Workshop. If the Dortmund printer worked as advertised, then Ves could expect to speed up his fabrication phase by as much as seventy-five percent!
 In particular, the Dortmund massively sped up the fabrication of uncompressed armor plating. Its increased speed and precision allowed Ves and any other fabricator like Carlos to automate the fabrication of any component up to a certain level of complexity without any worry.
 The Dortmund could even fabricate more advanced processors that his current printer couldn’t handle. Actually, the mini printer collecting dust in the Barracuda’s workshop possessed even more capabilities in this regard, though it needed a lot of time to fabricate a single chip.
 Once Ves disembarked from his corvette with Melkor and Lucky, a small fleet of shuttles from Sanyal-Ablin awaited his presence.
 "Sir, please enter the center shuttle."
 They boarded the only shuttle with the hatch left open. Once they secured themselves into the seats, the entire arrangement started to move. Even a casual trip from Orinoco to Freslin required an armed escort these days. Ves lamented the necessity of it all and the extra charges he’d receive from Sanyal-Ablin.
 "The mercenaries and the security companies must be making a killing these days."
 "It’s not without reason." Melkor commented. "The security industry is able to deter most threats by brandishing their superior gear. Even then, the occasional clashes result in a lot of wear and tear. It takes a massive amount of money to keep their assets functional."
 The smaller mercenary corps had a particularly rough time trying to keep afloat. A single ruinous battle could result in massive repair bills that ruined their financial outlook.
 "Did you enjoy your stay at Abelard?" Ves asked, changing the topic. "I can imagine the standard for mech pilots is a lot higher in Coalition space."
 "It’s actually not too far apart. Abelard employs a lot more simulations as well as real mechs so they can insure that every graduate will at least reach the level of advanced pilot. However, even then they can’t insure that any of them will advance into expert pilots."
 Normal mech pilots made up the rank-and-file that usually ended up piloting frontline mechs. Advanced pilots received better treatment due to their ability to bring out the full strength of standard humanoid or animal mechs.
 Yet even then, a state wouldn’t shed a tear if they lost them by the thousands in a single battle. As long as a state had sufficient time, they could replenish such pilots with relative ease.
 Only when a pilot advanced to the rank of expert pilot did they truly become elite. Even the extended Larkinson Family only boasted of a couple of expert pilots, almost all of whom retired due to old age or injury.
 His grandfather Benjamin happened to be one of them, and used the respect afforded to him to transition into a career in the Ministry of Defense. Even Rittersberg’s career politicians had to sit up and pay attention to a former expert pilot.
 "How far are you from reaching this rank?"
 Melkor chuckled at his question. "You have no idea how difficult it is to achieve a breakthrough. What I’ve learned at Abelard has made it even clearer to me how much of a gap I still have have close."
 "So even second-rate states have difficulty training expert pilots."
 "They have more options. Their standard training doesn’t produce much better results, but as long as they’re willing to allocate unlimited resources to training a couple of important scions, they’ll be able to reach the necessary standard by force. Even then, there are several shortcomings, as they often have shaky foundations. The bad habits they haven’t corrected will become critical weaknesses at that point."
 Ves didn’t fully understand what it meant to be an expert pilot, much as Melkor didn’t understand the ranks of mech designers. If Ves ever wanted to move up to designing elite mechs, he had to learn what made expert pilots so rare and valuable. Fortunately, Ves had plenty of time before he reached that point.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 First, he had to take care of his more immediate concerns. Once his guarded shuttle arrived at the landing pad inside his workshop’s premises, he hopped out with a spring and entered his familiar abode. Carlos already waited for him at the entrance.
 "Good to see you here!"
 "I’m back now. How’s the workshop while I was gone?"
 "Nothing really comes to mind. I’ve already told you everything you needed to know from the reports. The main thing that’s really bad for business is that the costs of raw materials is continuing to rise. Right now, the total cost of production has ballooned to 20 million credits."
 Ves became alarmed. "That much!? A few weeks ago you said it was still around 19 million credits!"
 The increase amounted to five percent, which didn’t sound so scary. However, his cost figure already ballooned by almost twenty percent since the start of his production and it might even reach fifty percent by the end of the year.
 When Ves delved in the reports, he found out that the major resource suppliers prioritized their bigger clients over small fish like him. With the LMC’s current sales volume of roughly a hundred mechs a year, it didn’t even represent a blink in the profits of the major suppliers.
 The increasingly depressing cost picture reminded Ves once again that he had to take control over his own supply chain. At the very least, he had to ensure the continued supply of the rarer exotics in the event the major suppliers pulled out of the MTA’s internal market entirely.
 "Let’s hear some good news for a change. How are your silver label Mark II’s coming along?"
 Carlos smiled at him. "I’ve completely mastered their fabrication. I’ve poured into all of the manuals and studied more about assembly in my free time. At this moment, I can ensure only one part in a million will have flaws."
 Even in the best conditions, a fabricator never promised a success rate of a hundred percent. The Mark II especially exhibited a higher level of complexity than normal. That Carlos made it this far could only be attributed to the fact that he had plenty of time to master one single model.
 In comparison, while Ves didn’t possess the same level of confidence, his deeper foundation allowed him to fabricate many other models with very few flaws.
 As for Carlos, his shallow range of skills forced him to start from nothing whenever he encountered a different model.
 "Don’t forget to keep mastering your assembly skills. You’re already getting a lot of hands-on experience, but without the theoretical background you won’t be as flexible as me whenever I introduce a new model."
 "When are you ready to introduce your new design? It’s already getting stale fabricating the same Mark II over and over again."
 "It will take a few months at the very least. First I have to install all my new toys. Then I have to round out my collection of component licenses. I’ll likely end up short on money so I might have to pursue some money making projects in the meantime."
 Now that Ves established the Living Mech Corporation and had proven its capability to run at a profit, however tenable that might be, his reputation should open up more opportunities.
 Once they reached the fabrication hall, they approached the long-dormant Dortmund 3D printer. From a mess of loose components scavenged off a score of wrecked machines, Ves meticulously restored or reconstructed them into a mechanically functional machine. Only the security restrictions hidden within the programming of its processors held it back.
 Now, even that ceased to be an obstacle.
 Ves carefully installed the processors back in the appropriate slots before closing up the printer. The anticipation practically swelled within his heart as he pressed the button that should turn his machine online.
 A couple of lights dramatically glowed. The dubiously restored Dortmund accepted the input from the processors and became activate without any hiccups.
 "It works!"
 Both Ves and Carlos celebrated at the Dortmund’s successful restoration. Ves eagerly approached the onboard terminal and dug into its diagnostics and status readings. His preoccupation with the machine kept going for hours as he patiently tested the Dortmund’s capability to print both micro and larger components.
 He even fed the printer some cheap alloys from his inventory in order to see with his own two eyes if the Dortmund matched its description.
 "That’s so fast!" Carlos exclaimed when a perfect piece of uncompressed armor plating emerged from the machine. "You’ve got to let me use this machine!"
 "You’ll get your chance." Ves chuckled. Even he began to tire of his old and ramshackle printer. "For now, whenever I have no need of it, you can use the Dortmund."
 Before Carlos could use the new machine, Ves set conditions for its use. Its higher speed and powerful capabilities also increased the risk of catastrophic damage in the event the Dortmund malfunctioned. Carlos had to study the manual and practice fabricating with the Dortmund in a virtual simulation before he received permission to use the industrial printer.
 While Carlos went off to do his homework, Ves took over his fabricator’s production quota for the week. He already had a silver label Mark II lined up to be shipped at the end of the week. Ves pulled up his sleeves and went to work.
 The fabrication run only took up less than a day. Even Carlos required three days at his very best. Parts kept spitting out the exit tray like a machine gun, to the point where his workshop’s loader bots threatened to bottleneck the fast-paced fabrication process.
 The overworked bots simply couldn’t keep up. They worked their antigrav modules to the bone trying to supply enough raw materials for the hungry printer and pick up finished components when they piled up at the exit tray.
 In the end, it took longer to assemble the Mark II than it took to fabricate all of its parts. Ves completed the entire fabrication and assembly cycle of the Mark II within two days. With practice, Carlos should be able to achieve the same within three days even if he turned his brain off, as the Dortmund’s formidable automation processes did most of the heavy lifting.
 With this new machine, the LMC finally had the grounds to call itself a mech manufacturer. Ves smiled with satisfaction as he patted the Dortmund’s exterior.
 "The first step is done."
 Ves still had a lot of hurdles to go through before he became ready to design an original mech. Despite the long road ahead, Ves already thought of a couple of ways to make his printer more useful.
 "There shouldn’t be more than half-a-dozen industrial printers on Cloudy Curtain, if there are any at all. Perhaps I can make use of this fact."
 Chapter 214: Shady 
 After some rudimentary research, Ves found out that Cloudy Curtain pretty all of its gear from Bentheim. The short distance enabled local businesses to order all manner of machine equipment from the local mecca of fabrication.
 So the LMC couldn't effectively rent out its fabrication capacity to other businesses.
 However, his options didn't end there. Besides a smattering of small and medium enterprises, Cloudy Curtain also hosted Walter's Whalers. The mech gang recently underwent a major expansion after selling off their scavenged goods. The bulk exotics they sold might not be very valuable, but the huge amount they sold in the black and grey markets earned them lots of credits.
 As Ves had traveled more throughout the galaxy and became wiser to the ways of human society, he realized that the Whalers possessed a lot of connections. The strength of their gang lay not only in their solidarity, but also their expansive network with many elements of the Bright Republic's underbelly.
 As his company required a lot of money to round out its component licenses, Ves called a meeting with Dietrich. They met up in downtown Freslin at a coffee shop owned by the Whalers. Ves carefully activated his Privacy Shield before they began their discussion, preventing his guards from listening in on sensitive matters.
 "You sure that gadget works as advertised?" Dietrich pointed at his comm.
 "It's never been beaten as far as I know."
 Perhaps some devices could crack through the shield, but Ves doubted that Sanyal-Ablin brought any such equipment with them to snoop on Ves. Kings, presidents and CEOs of major companies deserved that kind of attention.
 Ves sipped on a cup of coffee that Dietrich ordered for him. "We haven't seen each other in a while. Before we get to business, how's it going with the Whalers?"
 "Oh, it's great! Our numbers are growing by the day!" Dietrich boasted with a gleaming smile. "You helped a lot as well. You've energised a lot of the bored potentates at home. More people are getting interested mechs again and they've been knocking at our doors until they collapsed!"
 Ves hoped he had that kind of effect. Too many potentates in Cloudy Curtain left their training to the wayside once they failed to enter an advanced academy on Bentheim.
 "What about their training?"
 "Oh we're picking the cream of the crop, whatever little there is, but you know how it goes. The recruits have more spunk than skill, and it takes a lot of screaming and yelling to get them to learn something right."
 "Sounds awful."
 "It's a little better than before. They've been practising a lot in games, particularly with your knight and rifleman mechs. Still, that's no true substitute to piloting real mechs."
 The local mech academies on Cloudy Curtain had been underfunded for decades. Their training mechs resembled zombies and their curriculum fit a history class more than a mech class. Many of its graduates didn't even qualify for the lowest rank of mech pilot.
 As for the local elites, they relied more on private tutors than trust the academy's teachers to do an adequate job. Ves always thought that Cloudy Curtain hosted enough private tutors and retired veterans to found a private academy on their own, but to each his own.
 "Do you have the mechs ready for your recruits?"
 "Heavens, no! They'll crash and burn within minutes if we let them anywhere near the cockpit. Besides, we don't have the money."
 "I can help you with that problem." Ves said with a smile. "I happen to get my hands on an industrial printer that can fabricate pretty much anything you think of. Best of all, its processors are hacked, so it won't be sending any logs to the original manufacturer."
 Most 3D printers established a connection to the local networks in order to send their logs and activity reports to various parties, chief among them the MTA.
 Dietrich looked at Ves with a dubious eye. "Are you thinking about doing the repair scam?"
 The repair scam was a basic but widespread method that happened to be popular among mercenaries and gangs. When they bought a mech, they usually signed a standard contract that enumerated several rights and restrictions, chief among them the right to repair and replace a damaged component.
 Imagine if a mercenary corps reported that their mech lost its arms after a battle against pirates. While they could order replacement arms from the original manufacturer, If they owned a capable 3D printer, they might as well reproduce the arms themselves, so they do so.
 A few months later, the same mech happened to lose its legs in a training accident. Again, instead of contacting the original manufacturer, they fabricate replacement legs on their own and restore their mech to full health.
 Perhaps another month later, the mercenary corps suffered an ambush from a criminal gang. The recently repaired mech happened to lose its entire torso and head. However, they happened to recover a pair of arms and legs, and they looked to be in pristine condition as well!
 The mercenary commander decided not to bother the manufacturer and painstakingly fabricated an entire torso and head, and fit the orphan arms and legs to the machine. Voila, the mech regained its top form!
 Of course, all of those battles and training accidents never really happened. They only existed on paper when the mercenary corps had to come up with an excuse to justify their supposed battle damage.
 In reality, they bent the repair clauses to their advantage and reproduced an entirely mech out 'replacement parts'. This sort of behavior was really prevalent in the frontier, where expeditions often disappeared into the wilderness for months or years.
 Dietrich definitely looked interested. "How good is your new printer?"
 "It's a top-of-the-line machine in the Republic. Better machines exist, but what they can do, my Dortmund can do as well."
 Ves sent him a document of the Dortmund's capabilities via his comm. While his Privacy Shield blocked any signals from going in and out of the tiny radius around him, it didn't stop any signals kept inside the bubble.
 "I don't really know how to read this." Dietrich said and scratched his head. "I'll have to take this up with our technicians, but I believe you."
 They elaborated their deal and discussed the details. In addition to commissioning their own 'replacement parts', the Whalers also promised to extend the same service to their contacts for a small fee. Ves and Dietrich didn't set up a formal contract for this agreement. Instead, they arranged everything verbally.
 Regarding his earnings, Ves estimated that he stood to gain an extra hundred million credits a year from this agreement. The Whalers and any other clients took care of the resources and all the other costs. Ves merely had to keep his printer available for a couple of hours a week.
 "It's best not to go overboard." Dietrich warned him. "Too many new mechs without an obvious source will obviously ring some alarms."
 Ves agreed with him. He reserved most of his printer's capacity for his own business activities, especially when his sales started picking up. For now, Ves had the capacity to spare, but once he published a competitive design, he planned to phase out this arrangement.
 "Can you offer me some money up-front?" He asked. "I'm kind of short on money."
 "Are you in debt?"
 "Not exactly."
 The mech pilot's face scrunched up as Ves explained his circumstances. "Damn, I always heard it took a fortune to start making mechs, but these sums are outrageous! I'm sorry to say I can't help you here."
 This left Ves with a dilemma. While his new agreement with Dietrich could potentially net him a lot of earnings, it took too long to earn all that money.
 With this business done, they moved on to other matters. Ves recalled that he once asked Dietrich a favor. He asked them to investigate the Colmes region that the two big farming consortiums secretly developed.
 "Have you found out what they are up to?"
 Dietrich shook his head. "It's impossible to observe from afar. Our planet's cloud cover rules out any attempts to observe from space, while anything that is hanging lower in the air will get detected for sure."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "So why are the farming consortiums in such of a tizzy at this time?"
 "Just because we can't look at it, doesn't mean we can't stir the pot." Dietrich smirked and crossed his arms. "Do you know how easy it is to redirect some asteroids to fall upon that area?"
 That sounded really dangerous. Redirecting asteroids to employ them as makeshift bombs touched upon a fundamental taboo.
 "Oh, relax. They're only about the size of a container. Nothing that will wipe out an entire continent."
 "And nothing has stopped the asteroids from falling?"
 "Hah! Do you know we're in charge of asteroid defense? It's super easy to tell the government they got totally smashed when I brought them a lot of drinks."
 As an obscure, rural planet, Cloudy Curtain boasted little in the way of orbital infrastructure. Their home planet had no space station or defense station, let alone a Republican patrol carrier. No other local power boasted as much mechs as the Whalers.
 Sending the asteroid down to the Colmes region was a brazen attack on the farming consortiums. They should know that the Whalers were complicit in this attack, and if they had some brains they should also know that the attack had a connection with Ves.
 However, without any evidence, the farming consortiums had no recourse. Making a fuss risked escalating their conflict. In addition, their secretive activities might get exposed.
 From the way the consortiums and the ruling coalitions kept mum all these months, Ves suspected that he touched on a critical activity.
 "What are they hiding, you think?"
 "Even we're scratching our heads at the question." Dietrich responded. "Our best guess is that they're cultivating some super sensitive crops. It's probably something that requires unique conditions to grow and it should also be of very high value. Maybe the farming consortiums have been smuggling those goodies in between the bags of regular cloud rice whenever they send another shipment to Bentheim."
 Hardly any inspection paid close attention to bulk goods like rice. If the Whalers guessed correctly, the farming consortiums might be cultivating an extremely high-value crop that Bentheim's upper society loved.
 The question was whether they wanted to do something about it. "Do you think it's illegal?"
 "It has to be. They shouldn't be so secretive about it otherwise."
 The problem they faced was that both sides held a certain amount of leverage over the other. Ves could threaten to sicc the Whalers onto the Colmes region while the ruling coalition could ram their tax bill through the planetary assembly. Both measures resulted in drastic consequences that neither side wanted to see.
 Ves predicted that the status quo wouldn't last forever. On principle, the White Doves completely hated mechs and everything they stood for. A mech manufacturer on their own soil offended them in a fundamental way. In essence, they were mortal enemies to each other.
 And now, Ves brought over the Whalers to his side. They never really paid attention to the local power structure before, but the latest incident should have woken them up.
 "Sorry about bringing you into this fight." Ves apologised.
 "No worries, man. They're idiots, anyway. In this kind of galaxy, who the hell believes in pacifism?"
 "Pacifists or not, they're loaded with money. They might send some trouble on your way."
 The easiest way to cope with Walter's Whalers was to hire a rival gang to dispute their territory. As long as the farming consortiums threw enough money, they were bound to find some willing participants.
 Despite expectations, Dietrich remained complacent. "They can try all they want. No sane outfit will take them up on their offer. Do you want to know why?"
 "Why?"
 Dietrich leaned forward and whispered in a low tone. "I'll let you in on a secret. We answer to Monty the Beheader."
 "Monty?!" Ves exclaimed. "One of the Three Tyrants of Bentheim?"
 "Yup!"
 The vast criminal underworld made a lot of men and women stand out for their brutality. One of the ultimate rulers of the Bentheim underworld, Monty the Beheader became known for cutting off the heads of more than a thousand clansmen who betrayed his allegiance. He boldly recorded the dirty deed and let it spread on the galactic net.
 Ever since then, everyone knew that you should never mess around with Monty the Beheader.
 Learning that the Whalers ultimately answered to the notorious Bentheim crime boss made Ves feel a little queasy. The kind of activities that Monty engaged in frequently made the news, and not in a good way.
 "Why did you tell me this?" Ves asked with an elevated heartbeat. The Three Tyrants should never be brought up in a casual conversation. In addition, Ves shouldn’t even know of the connection between the Monty the Beheader and Walter’s Whalers.
 "So you know who’s got our backs. He’s not the nicest boss, but he’s fair to his underlings. Besides, the Whalers are merely associates to him. He doesn’t pay too much attention to what goes on in hick planets like ours."
 "That’s good to hear."
 It certainly explained how the Whalers enjoyed so many connections. They were actually a part of a larger underground organisation with tentacles that stretched out everywhere. In the larger scheme of things, the Whalers kept an eye on Monty’s backyard and occasionally helped hide some hot goods that needed to be squared away somewhere obscure but not out of reach.
 Dietrich swept up his palm. "Besides, he’s really big in the resource trade. I heard you’ve been looking around for a fixed supplier. If you want, I can give you an introduction to some companies that are in his pocket."
 The offer sounded very attractive, to the point where Ves almost spilled his coffee. Still, he felt reluctant to establish deeper ties with a notorious crime boss. Doing a couple of odd jobs might be okay, but if he started getting in deep, he’d wonder if he could ever get out someday.
 "Thank you, but I can take care of my own business."
 They made no other agreements at this time. Ves hadn’t gotten the instant cash infusion that he hoped for, but at least he secured another revenue stream, even if it looked a little dubious. Carlos would have to deal with the extra workload.
 After they left the coffee shop, they went their separate ways. Ves returned to his workshop while contemplating his business relationships.
 He always knew he had to keep an amicable relationship with the local gang. At Rittersberg, he’d been taught about the reality of the criminal underworld and how pervasive their influence extended throughout society.
 Especially out in the galactic rim, most third-rate states lacked the strength to control their territory effectively. This gave room for alternative power structures with different goals in mind. Bentheim was especially rife with warring crime groups, which was one reason why Ves avoided the place.
 "Luckily, there’s nothing going on here that will attract any serious attention." Ves concluded. "If there’s one thing the politicians are right about, it’s that our planet is too poor to rob."
 Ves still thought differently, but he became more aware of the risks. If Cloudy Curtain ever shed its status as an underdeveloped planet, some groups might wish to take a piece of the pie. If too many people all grabbed a pie, Ves would have nothing left but an empty plate.
 "I doubt the situation will end up that way. With the Whalers having been in power for more than decade, they’re not so easy to dislodge."
 When his armored shuttle arrived back at his workshop, Ves briefed Carlos in on his extra assignment. His friend looked very dubious at him, as if he couldn’t believe Ves dared to engage in such a scheme.
 "You do know your cousin is part of the Planetary Guard, right? Won’t she lock you up if she finds out what kind of scam you’re pulling off?"
 "She’ll never know." Ves confidently said. "The Whalers will take care of all the paperwork. They’ll establish shell companies and everything that will fake legitimate repair orders. Even if someone digs into their background, they’ll only find that they’re owned by another shell company which is owned by another shell company and so on."
 Most companies only existed on paper. They acted as holding companies that allowed the real shareholders to hang on to properties without leaving behind their names. This could get very complicated but also very lucrative once different companies set their headquarters at different tax jurisdictions.
 "What about your grandfather?" Carlos continued to press. "He’s a board member of your company, you know. There’s no way you can hide the truth from him once he sees how much extra activities we’re doing."
 "My grandfather won’t make a fuss. I’m sure of it. What I’m doing will not only benefit the company financially, but I’ll also be appeasing the local gang that’s in control of the planet."
 Sometimes you had to get your hands dirty in order to do business. Ves was pretty sure that the Larkinson family established their own ties with shady groups in order to safeguard their real estate on Rittersberg.
 In any case, he’d deal with it if it became a problem. At this early stage, Ves couldn’t turn his eyes away to an additional revenue stream.
 Since the equipment he ordered from Leemar still took some time to arrive, Ves decided to check up on his virtual sales. He placed the DarkSpear onto the virtual market a week ago and wanted to see whether he achieved enough sales.
 His eyes opened wide when he inspected his sales history. "Over two-thousand sales!"
 He only predicted an initial sales volume of around a hundred mechs. Even in his most optimistic projections, he never dared to hope that he could break past five-hundred units sold.
 The amount of credits he earned from these sales still remained negligible as Ves continued to set the lowest minimum prices on his designs. What Ves truly cared about was how much DP the System awarded him for achieving so much 4-star sales.
 Since Ves earned 10 DP for each DarkSpear sold, the System should have added over 20,000 DP to his account! He quickly summoned up his Status on his comm and saw with his own eyes that he earned just a little bit more than that amount.
 Sure, a four-digit sales volume hardly phased the more successful developers of virtual mechs, but to Ves it represented a great success.
 Once he got over his shock, he started scratching his head. Why did his latest model sell so well? Cloudy Curtain might have a modest amount of Gold Leaguers, but Ves imagined that not a lot people would be interested in piloting an assassin mech. It required a very patient and deliberate playstyle that contrasted sharply with the instant direct action that other mech classifications provided.
 He looked at his customer profiles and found that the majority actually came from Bentheim instead of Cloudy Curtain. For some reason, his latest virtual design caught on there.
 After a bit of digging, Ves found out why.
 In short, a couple of early adopters fell in love with the concept. One of the biggest complaints of assassin mechs was that it became extremely tedious trying to sneak up on an enemy mech.
 The DarkSpear happened to skip the riskiest portion of the approach. Unlike other assassin mechs, It didn’t need to enter the range in which the sensors of any mech became increasingly more effective at spotting anomalies.
 What happened was that the early adopters basically cheesed through the Gold League by taking out their opposition with sudden charges from behind. The enemies never saw them coming if the pilots of the DarkSpear models used them effectively.
 Ves guessed that the X-Factor played a vital role in easing the pilots to the the stalk-and-pounce tactic the DarkSpear heavily favored. Even through the complications of piloting a virtual mech, the X-Factor still made its presence known, especially since it possessed the highest grade that Ves had produced so far.
 The DarkSpear caused a minor upheaval in the Bentheim virtual gaming community. With several copies making the rounds, many oblivious gamers throughout the galaxy turned into their victims. They all left rude and profanity-filled comments behind on the DarkSpear’s store page.
 "Awful specs! Even my dog can design a better mech than this dude!"
 "STUPID MECH! DON’T BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE!"
 "I’ve never heard of Komodo before, but if the mech designers there come up with designs like this, then we’re better off without them!"
 Still, despite the intense reaction to his new design, he still sold a couple of hundred virtual mechs to players around the galaxy, mostly from the other rim sectors.
 Those who lived closer to the center of the galaxy generally scoffed at any mechs designed from someone from the galactic rim. They also enjoyed a higher standard of living so they could afford much higher quality mechs.
 Still, despite the spontaneous success of his mech, Ves didn’t think it was sufficient. Every 4-star mech charged a considerable sum of in-game gold or real credits to purchase. Once players reached the Gold League, they had to be more mindful of their spending as Iron Spirit introduced more elements to their in-game economy.
 So Ves set aside the store page and performed a casual search on the galactic net. The first article that showed up pretty much revealed the
 MOSVILLE FIREFLIES CAPTAIN JARLE BRENTHILL DOMINATING HIS OPPONENTS IN THE VIRTUAL BATTLEFIELD WITH A QUIRKY NEW ASSASSIN MECH!
 Even Ves had heard about the Mosville Fireflies, though only in passing. Their team captain happened to have come across the DarkSpear somehow when he publically streamed his gaming session.
 With his superior skills sharpened by many years on the duelling circuit, Jarle quickly mastered the essence of the DarkSpear and began to take it into the Arena.
 Even at the Diamond League level, he completely ran over his opponents. He always made effective use of terrain to further mask the DarkSpear’s invisible approach. Jarle never got caught before he started his charge. Even when his mech dropped its stealth, his opponents still took a second or so to react to its sudden presence.
 By that time, the DarkSpear’s weapon ran through the backs of their mechs.
 Even though Jarle eventually matched up against increasingly skilled opponents who managed to react in time, his earlier winning streak had compelled his fans to try out the DarkSpear for themselves. As stream viewers already witnessed a great example on how to utilize the DarkSpear, they quickly found the best uses for this mech.
 "Hm, this is the second time I can thank a streamer for delivering me so many sales." He realized.
 This time, a pro showcased his model. If a casual player tried their hand at the DarkSpear, they probably would have fumbled in front of an audience. That could have given his design a bad reputation.
 Ves looked around and found that Jarle had somehow become obsessed with the DarkSpear. When Ves visited his stream page, he saw that Jarle had been streaming for four hours straight today, attracting a respectable audience that numbered in the hundreds of thousands.
 All of this budding enthusiasm for his mech gave him an idea. He called over Raella, who had almost recovered from her Molgon poisoning by now. His niece entered the office area with a grumbling face.
 "What’s up?"
 "I need your help with something. What do you know about Jarle Brenthill?"
 As a former amateur duellist, Raella knew more about the duelling scene than anyone else on the planet. She instantly perked up when she heard the name. "Jarle? He’s a sick skirmisher pilot. In fact, he’s one of my role models! He’s great at psychological warfare and always manages to approach his opponents from a tricky angle. He’s also wickedly handsome."
 Raella said that with a teasing smile that Ves automatically ignored. Instead, he pressed his own concerns. "He’s streaming one of my virtual mechs right now on the galactic net. Take a look."
 When Raella peeked at the projection, she raised her eyebrows. "Wow. I didn’t know you could design something as devious as this DarkSpear. If I was any good at spears, I’d probably be interested too."
 "Do you think Jarle might be open to some form of sponsorship or other cooperation with me?"
 Mentioning sponsorship to Raella who used to aspire for it might not be wise, but Ves figured enough time had passed to take the sting away.
 "That depends." Raella crossed her arms. She stopped paying attention to the stream. "Jarle is the team captain of the Fireflies. Currently, they’re doing great in the 3v3 arenas, so he’s not short on sponsors and cash. It will take a lot of credits to attract his attention."
 "How much?"
 "Mech athletes make a lot of money when they win." Raella explained. "They have to if they want to repair all the battle damage their mechs frequently incur. It takes around ten million credits to get your foot in the door."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 That sounded way too much money for Ves. He might as well use Iron Spirit’s direct advertising system in that case.
 Ves frowned a bit. "I’m not talking about a sponsorship of the Fireflies. I just want to sponsor his stream for a time. Will it be possible to come to an arrangement with him in this matter?"
 "Well, it’s off-season right now, so Jarle has a lot of free time on his hands. You have to know that a pro at his level isn’t streaming because he’s in need of extra cash. He’s using it to interact with his fans."
 That made a lot of sense. When Ves watched the stream, Jarle frequently responded to the comments from his viewers. That sort of interactive engagement with his fans helped build his brand.
 "So there’s no chance I can catch his attention?"
 "That’s not true. There’s still one way you can catch his attention." Raella replied with a smile. "Offer him something unique. Streamers love showing off unique mechs that are tailored to their style. Since Jarle seems to love your DarkSpear design so much, why not offer to customize it? A lot of mech designers show off their goods in this way, not only at online streams, but also in the real arenas."
 Her suggestion had a lot of merit. Customized mechs remained the ultimate possession for many mech pilots.
 [MissMisstep: Jarle, what do you think is better when it comes to mech duels, a win with severe battle damage or a loss without scratch?]
 "A win! You’ve got to win all the way! If you’re already starting to think about repair bills when you’re duelling another team, you’ve already given up." Jarle emphatically said. "The only way to earn enough credits to keep your mechs in tip top shape is to keep on winning!"
 In truth, even a top-tier team like the Velvet Fists couldn’t afford to wreck their mechs in every match. Each duelling season tested the skill and judgement of each team. Some knew when to give up early and saved up on repairs, while others kept on fighting past the point of no return and faced exponentially greater costs.
 Explaining all of that took a lot of nuance that belied his public image as a daredevil. With his handsome face and his half-shaved blond hair, Jarle presented himself as the ultimate thrill seeker who constantly risked it all and won.
 His bold but slighty dim person also helped mask his deviously tricky fighting style.
 [ZevHarper: Will we be seeing you in action this summer?]
 Jarle nodded inside his virtual cockpit. "I’ll be appearing in a couple of rallies organised by the Mech Corps. Be sure to check the schedule in my profile page!"
 Even as he responded to his many viewers, his DarkSpear silently crept through the rocky cliffs and hills of a desolate moonscape.
 His mech’s high powered stealth systems ran at quarter strength right now. It did nothing to prevent a mech from seeing his DarkSpear if it had a direct line of sight, but it was sufficient to dampen his other emissions as long as Jarle stayed behind cover.
 Finding the right place to hide happened to be one of his specialties. Under his expert control, he slowly crept behind the highly advanced swordsman mech that kept a wary eye towards its surroundings.
 In 1v1 duels like this, if your opponent never showed up, he probably prepared an ambush. As a fellow Diamond League player, the enemy pilot didn’t let down his guard. An extremely complicated dance emerged as a result where both sides tried to maneuver in their most optimal positions.
 The DarkSpear held a decisive advantage over the swordsman mech. The latter excelled in open duels, and did not include any sophisticated sensor arrays capable of detecting stealthed opponents.
 However, even if the swordsman mech only possessed a standard set of sensors, their overall quality ensured they’d be able to detect any approaching assassin mechs once it reached a distance of fifty to a hundred meters or so. That gave the pilot enough reaction time to set up a guard.
 As long as his swordsman mech withstood the first blow, his advantage only grew.
 With soft and measured steps, the DarkSpear slowly closed the distance to the swordsman mech. Jarle moved practically in sync with his mech. He became completely immersed in the act to the point where he stopped paying attention to the questions of his viewers.
 He was on the hunt.
 The enemy pilot had a brain, as he chose the most open area on the battlefield. A wide stretch of moon plains provided precious few opportunities to conceal an approach.
 Jarle estimated the DarkSpear’s power and heat reserves and noted that he had less capacity in the latter. It didn’t matter too much as his estimates placed his mech’s capacity within range of his targeted distance.
 He flicked the switch that activated the full-powered stealth suite. The DarkSpear shimmered out of existence, and a low oppressive dampening field minimized its other emissions.
 Jarle entered a highly focused state where he constantly adjusted the movements of his mech according to his judgement. He moved when his opponent looked elsewhere and sat still when he risked getting noticed. Even if the DarkSpear obscured its entire frame, it was very difficult to hide its footsteps.
 He managed, somehow. He utilized a special stepping technique that allowed the DarkSpear to move forward briskly while leaving minimal traces behind. It utilized the slight uneven terrain to its advantage as no battlefield was truly flat.
 The swordsman mech had no clue a deadly hunter approached its back. As the DarkSpear slowly stalked its way closer, Jarle’s anticipation built up to a heightening crescendo. Target fixation threatened to overwhelm his mind but Jarle made sure to hold back his urge to propel his mech forward.
 "Now is not the time."
 His mech subsided a bit as it realized that Jarle had a point. The swordsman mech turned around abruptly a few seconds later. If the DarkSpear charged out at this point, it would have been exposed.
 It became a test of time. Would the swordsman mech turn back around before the DarkSpear’s cloak ran out? It might be better for the assassin mech to begin its attack, for if it became exposed at a distance, it would suffer a very bad fate.
 In this, Jarle could only rely on his own seasoned instincts. Normally, he never really took simulations like Iron Spirit seriously. For all of its professed attempts at realism, it always seemed to pale in comparison to the visceral feeling of piloting a real mech.
 Yet the DarkSpear changed his outlook on the game. He only purchased the gimmicky model on a whim as he was curious to see how someone could marry a spear wielder and an assassin mech. Ever since he entered the cockpit, Jarle had the sensation that he entered into a black hole. The mech hid a lot of depth, and he’d plunged straight into the hole.
 By now, he must have piloted the DarkSpear through hundreds of duels. All of his viewers got to see his overwhelming performance in the comfort of their homes. Even now, his fans screamed for him to wreck this swordsman mech and add another victory to his already swelling record.
 "Not yet."
 As Jarle’s mech only had around five seconds left of cloaking time, the swordsman mech finally turned around. The moment it did so, the DarkSpear erupted from its hiding spot and charged forth in a blazing black missile of doom. The Festive Cloud Generator attached to its frame billowed out demonically towards the unsuspecting swordsman mech.
 The enemy pilot’s mech blared an alarm. To his credit, he turned around fairly quickly, though the only thing he saw was a big black streak of vapor closing in on his mech. The pilot panicked and prepared to dodge, only to stop when he belatedly noticed that his sensors detected a mech at the forefront of the cloud. The swordsman mech quickly raised its sword in a guard.
 "Too late!" Jarle yelled as his mech deftly veered to the left at the very last moment. Propelled by the full momentum of a mech at the apex of its charge, his spear punched right through the swordsman mech’s chest and dealt moderate damage to its internals, barely missing the core shell of the power reactor!
 The stricken mech received such as heavy blow that it had been flung into a half-spinning back throw. Even then, it recovered remarkably quickly. It continued to spin and kicked out with its feet, preventing the DarkSpear from delivering its coup-de-grace.
 "You’re bleeding." Jarle grinned. "I can feel your power reactor failing."
 The swordsman mech exhibited unstable movements as its entire frame suffered from a lack of power. Still, even at half its strength, the swordsman mech possessed superior strength and speed. Besides its awful chest wound, all of its other sections remained undamaged.
 As if realizing its predicament, the swordsman mech threw caution to the wind and embarked on a furious counter-attack with all of its systems running past their peak. Its pilot needed to ensure a quick win, and he was confident that his damaged mech could handle an assassin mech out in the open.
 Jarle grinned as he guessed his opponent’s intentions. "You’ve already died after I made my first blow."
 His viewers howled for blood and started betting on how much time it took for Jarle to finish it off. The shortest bet ranged from ten seconds while the longest one went up to three minutes.
 Perhaps an average pilot might be in trouble, but Jarle had more than a decade of duelling experience. While he missed his daggers, the DarkSpear’s eponymous weapon jabbed and spun with expert handling. Taking advantage of its reach, Jarle kept the fumbling swordsman mech out of range while slowly chipping away at the gaping hole in its chest.
 "Damn it, if I had my daggers, I’d already be peeling open this can of worms!"
 It took an entirely different set of skills to handle a spear compared to a pair of daggers. What got to Jarle the most was that his opponent read most of his moves like he was an open book.
 Despite his earlier setback, the enemy pilot was still a highly skilled swordsman. Jarle had to take advantage of his opponent’s failing machine to get an edge. In addition, after hundreds of duels, Jarle had slowly become used to the unwieldy weapon.
 After parrying aside another sword slash, the DarkSpear plunged forward abruptly with its strong legs and shoulder bashed the swordsman mech. It dealt relatively minor damage to its opponent, but successfully threw the swordsman mech off balance.
 Even as the swordsman mech slashed wide in a last-ditch effort to deter an attack, the DarkSpear took the blow head on, allowing its free arm to be amputated while the other arm thrust its spear into damaged sections of the swordsman mech.
 The victory message hardly sated Jarle as the virtual battlefield winked out of existence. This fight shouldn’t have turned into an open brawl. Almost every opponent he met as of late survived the initial charge and fought back with the ferocity of a wounded bear.
 "This mech is getting kind of boring." Jarle spoke to his viewers once his cockpit shimmered away and threw him back to his lobby. "Do you think I should pilot something new?"
 His viewers expressed divided opinions. Some wanted him to carry the DarkSpear all the way to the top of the Diamond League while others missed his more conventional skirmisher style.
 Jarle grinned at the comments and responded with a simple message. "I’ll think about it."
 After answering a few more questions, he said his goodbyes and shut off his stream. As he emerged from his simulator pod, he felt oddly empty now that he left the virtual cockpit behind.
 The DarkSpear had a way of compelling him to return and assassinate more mechs. Even piloting his competition mechs felt hollow in comparison. Personally, Jarle figured that the novelty of piloting such a unique variant must have infected his mood.
 While Jarle left the simulator room and headed for the showers, his agent suddenly appeared.
 "Jarle! I’ve got something interesting for you!"
 "What is it?"
 "There’s this kid called Gavin Neumann on the line. He says he represents the mech designer who came up with the DarkSpear you’re messing around lately. He wants to enter into a minor sponsorship agreement with you!"
 Jarle frowned at his agent. Minor sponsorship agreement usually netted him and his team a paltry sum. "I thought I told you to refuse all these petty deals. I’ve long grown beyond grovelling for pennies."
 The early career of a mech athlete always revolved around money. Jarle remembered that he used to sign contracts for baby feed and dog toys back when he started out.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "Hey, it’s not like that. This is more of a temporary thing where you pimp the DarkSpear for a couple of weeks." His agent replied defensively. "Gavin is claiming that the mech designer is willing to design a customized virtual DarkSpear for you."
 That attracted his attention. Like any mech pilot, Jarle appreciated custom mechs. Unlike the general models on the market that had been designed to accommodate as many pilots as possible, custom mechs allowed their pilots to bring out their full strength at any time.
 Mech athletes like Jarle hardly ever showed any interest if someone threw a money chip containing millions of credits in front of his feet. On the other hand, the moment a decent mech designer offered to design a custom mech, they’d all be slobbering like dogs.
 Jarle only kept his composure due to the fact that he’d merely be getting a customized virtual mech. Even then, his constant longing for the DarkSpear made it very difficult to set this offer aside.
 "Tell me more. How much work do I have to do to earn this custom mech?"
 Ves left the job of establishing contact to his publicist. Gavin worked efficiently and contacted the Fireflies for a sponsorship offer.
 To Gavin’s surprise, Jarle expressed interest in obtaining a custom virtual mech. That left the door open to negotiations, which Gavin and Jarle’s agent quickly hammered out.
 Since the deal did not require much formality, the two sides came to a simple understanding.
 In absolute terms, Ves provided Jarle with an exclusive customized virtual DarkSpear. He’d design the unique machine after a talk with Jarle over the comm and after he received a list of specifications.
 Since they wanted to get this done as quickly as possible before the new duelling season began, Ves would not take more than a few days to complete the custom design.
 Once Ves had done his part, Jarle would pilot his custom job and promote the DarkSpear model for a certain number of hours per week. The mech athlete and streamer would continue to pimp the DarkSpear model for a month.
 The actual contract looked a lot more complicated, but put simply, Ves got his first spokesperson for the huge and largely untapped Bentheim market.
 Gavin visited the workshop to brief Ves on the contract and get him to sign a few documents. He also had a lot of questions about the deal.
 "Isn’t it premature to expand your brand presence in Bentheim? I thought we already agreed on our marketing strategy. Diverting too much attention on the virtual market makes no sense. The real and virtual markets are too different from each other. Even if you spend a lot of effort on your virtual models, your actual earnings won’t increase by all that much."
 Ves understood Gavin’s doubts, but he had to grow his ability to earn lots of DP. "I don’t entirely agree with you on that point. Marcella tells me that many of my customers who bought the Mark II became convinced of its craftsmanship after trying out some of my virtual models. In addition, higher sales figures of my virtual product lines will also translate to confidence in the quality of my real mechs."
 "It will be a blip in the ocean. Jarle is hardly the most popular celebrity from Bentheim. Without a constant media presence, your brand will quickly fall into obscurity."
 His words rang true. As the local mecca of mech production and export, Bentheim was saturated with thousands of brands. At the LMC’s current scale, it had no hopes of competing with these long-established household names.
 Still, Ves didn’t need to put in a lot of effort to cobble up a custom virtual DarkSpear, and he got plenty of short-term benefits out of the weeks-long promotion. As long as his sales for his latest virtual mech surpassed ten thousand units, he’d earn 100,000 DP in total. Ves needed the huge sum to shore up his skills and attributes to design a decent original mech.
 Despite Gavin’s skepticism, Ves still went through with his plans. Before Gavin left, he wanted to ask a question that had been burning in his mind for a while.
 "Boss? I’d like you to clear something up for me."
 "Yes?"
 "Well, it’s like this. I’ve been analyzing the sales patterns of your virtual mechs and compared them to your peers. One pattern happened to stand out like a sore thumb. Your customer retention is off the charts. Anyone who buys one of your virtual mechs is several times more likely to buy another mech designed by you. This usually doesn’t happen to newcomers in the market."
 Consumers never really paid attention to the mech designer when they purchased a product from the low-end of the virtual market. They only cared about specs and their personal feelings about the mech.
 Most mech designers who started out wished to make a name for themselves and their businesses. A mech manufacturer with a steady amount of repeat customers would never have to worry about missing their sales targets as long as they didn’t screw up.
 "I’ve focused a lot on improving the piloting experience." Ves answered simply. "I’m guessing that my customers have caught on its benefits. I’m sure you’ve found that out yourself when you asked around."
 "It’s beyond that. Some of your customers are oddly attached to their mechs, to the point where they treat them as affectionately as pets. I’m rather concerned because this effect is very pronounced in certain cases. It reminds me of the Farund Affair."
 "Heavens no!" Ves immediately denied. "I haven’t messed around with the neural interfaces. This is nothing like the Farund Affair."
 The Farund Affair stood out as the first and only case where a company managed to brainwash its customers with its virtual mechs. Back then, the simulator pod manufacturers competed against each other on how well they could make their simulations come to life. They all increased the intensity of their neural interfaces with each new generation of pods.
 This uncontrolled growth of neural intensity led to some companies taking advantage of this phenomenon by messing around with the neural interfaces of their mechs. Most tried to be subtle and added a minor addictive element to their interfaces. For a couple of years, these shady companies saw steady growth as their models grew in popularity.
 Farund Inc. obviously didn’t get the message. Its brash CEO jacked up all of the settings to the maximum. In the short term, his company rose like a rocket as sales ballooned almost exponentially. It became a major sensation in the virtual market as its models became increasingly dominant in the mech simulator games of that time.
 Sadly for Farund, the good times didn’t last together. A few mech designers got suspicious and started poking around at Farund’s many designs. Their actual specs were nothing special, but each test pilot became instant converts the moment they piloted the virtual mechs.
 The horrifying consequences of Farund’s mechs finally came to light when researchers found out about the tampered neural interfaces. The scandal ruined the company overnight and the MTA arrested all of its executives and mech designers. They only took a week to sentence them to death.
 Even then, many of its victims required years of therapy in order to wean off the urge to pilot any of Farund’s mechs. A million or so of its most devoted fans had played with the virtual mechs for so long that their condition became practically incurable. The MTA took them all in and nobody had ever heard from them again.
 These days, virtual mechs received much closer scrutiny. Iron Spirit certified every virtual mech submitted to its marketplace and they often flatly refused any mech that included non-standard neural interfaces. In addition, manufacturers of simulator pods cleaned up their act and pulled back some of their most extreme innovations.
 In this light, Gavin’s question made little sense. Even if Ves had any nefarious intentions, he’d never get away with it with all the precautions introduced after the Farund Affair.
 After Gavin made the arrangements, Ves faced a projector which fizzled into the image of Captain Jarle Brenthill. The man truly looked gifted in both looks and talent. Even Ves felt a little bit oppressed when faced with a celebrity of this magnitude.
 "Hello Jarle. It’s nice to meet you."
 "Likewise." The mech athlete responded perfunctory while he studied Ves. "You’ve got a sturdy body. Are you working out?"
 "Ah, no. It’s due to a mishap that messed with my genetics."
 "Well, I still have some training to catch up to, so I’ll make it short. First, I got our resident mech designer to form up a list of what I’d like to include in my custom mech. I’d appreciate it if you can meet at least two-thirds of what I’ve noted down."
 Jarle sent the virtual document over to Ves, who opened it up and skimmed through the points. The mech athlete’s priorities had been formatted in precise language that told Ves exactly what to do. That made his job much easier than if he merely had a brief talk with Jarle.
 "I see that you wish to change the DarkSpear’s default weapon from a spear to a pair of daggers." Ves carefully noted. The document even included an exact set of dimensions for the pair of blades. "This... I can see why you prefer the daggers, but my mech favors forward momentum over agile footwork. Those weapons will not be a good fit for my current frame."
 "Don’t worry about it. I’ll make it work. As long as you can increase the range of motion and the responsiveness of the arms, I’ll be okay with my baby."
 "The arms are already optimized for thrusting and absorbing shocks. If you want me to increase their range of motion, I’ll have to take away some of its other abilities."
 "Then do so. I’m fine with such a trade."
 Fortunately, Jarle set realistic expectations for his custom mech. He set a few other reasonable conditions that Ves agreed to without much objection. As a consummate professional who piloted dozens of mechs in his career, he knew what kind of limitations mech designers faced. Most professionals picked up on some basic knowledge from the design world as they came into contact with different mechs.
 Only spoiled brats like Vincent Ricklin who only ever trained with one or two models asked for something as dumb as a codpiece for their mechs.
 Overall, Ves understood Jarle’s desires for his custom mech and it was his job to make it into reality. After cutting off the connection after an hour of discussion, Ves mulled on how to go about this project.
 His main concern was to preserve the model’s excellent X-Factor. Ves faced a difficult puzzle in that the X-Factor for the DarkSpear had already been set in stone. Even if Ves updated its design in the future, the assassin mech always became defined by its ability to charge from stealth.
 Ves recalled the few times he went back to a design and changed the schematic. The Marc Antony Mark II came to mind. Ves did not really depart from his vision, but he made such a radical redesign that it could even be considered an entirely new variant rather than an update from the Mark I.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Even then, Ves did not stray too far from his original vision. He merely defined them in explicit terms so that he had a better grip on the just-developed Triple Division technique.
 For this project, Ves considered whether he could grant his custom design an entirely new gestalt.
 "It’s worth a try. I doubt this will end badly. At worst, I’ll just scrap my work if I end up with a muddle-headed design."
 He activated his design suite and loaded in a copy of the DarkSpear’s design schematic. When Ves looked at the assassin mech, he felt that every shape and marking hid a portion of the Last Spear’s will. For a moment, Ves dreaded the thought of tearing this mental creation apart.
 He shook his head. "What am I hesitating about? It’s just a copy."
 Even if he butchered this particular copy, it didn’t affect the main design. While he intuitively thought that every permutation of a design should share the same strain of X-Factor, in reality each copy took on its own separate existence.
 This was one of the biggest reasons why the X-Factor could never show its full strength in the virtual world. The virtual mechs never lasted long enough to develop its history.
 With this perspective in mind, Ves steeled himself and visualised a knife in his mind. With the ruthless care of a pet owner about to end the life of a suffering dog, he struck at the image central to this image.
 CLANG!
 The Last Spear’s manifestation showed up at the last possible moment and parried the mental knife with his spear! The rebound from the failed strike rattled Ves to the point where he took a few steps backward.
 The image associated with the DarkSpear had developed its own instincts for life. It could even detect a threat against its existence and put up a defence!
 Ordinarily, Ves would rejoice that he developed his X-Factor to the point where it developed a form of autonomy. Now, it made things harder, for Ves found to his surprise that the Last Spear’s manifestation possessed just enough strength to withstand his mental attacks.
 In essence, Ves could not even overcome his own creation!
 "Perhaps I’m going at it the wrong way."
 Ves tried to kill the image embedded into a copy of the DarkSpear’s design in various ways. No matter what kind of weapon he materialized in his mind, the stubborn manifestation of the Last Spear always parried his attempts.
 Each time he got rebuffed, his mental stability took another hit. His brain became so disarrayed that he had to halt his attempts to kill the image.
 "Maybe that’s the problem. I’m not treating it with respect."
 Ves realized he fell into the trap he often accused others of falling for all the time. His design was not some commodity to be used and discarded at will. It possessed its own determination to live, at least in his conception of how the multiverse worked.
 Despite his strong visualization, Ves could never really rule out that everything that happened earlier was just a figment of his imagination. The further he delved into the X-Factor, the more he relied on intuition instead of theory backed by solid science.
 Still, the image was so strong that it couldn’t be imaginary. His headaches felt very real.
 After trying and failing to take the forceful approach, Ves tried to use a gentler means to coax the image.
 "I need you to be able to wield a pair of daggers. Will you let me change your fighting style?"
 The manifestation objected strongly to this change. He wielded the spear like it was his sacred duty. Even if he shifted his profession from a royal guard to a slinking assassin, he never got rid of his determination to slay his enemies with the weapon of his choice. Taking up a pair of daggers made the manifestation feel dirty.
 Ves only had himself to blame for these personality traits. In his original vision, the DarkSpear focused completely on wielding its spear to its maximum effect. He threw no consideration to any alternatives due to a lack of carrying capacity. Even adding in a backup knife ruined its balance.
 Against the intractable Last Spear, Ves made no headway in achieving any sort of compromise. The manifestation did not even leave the door open to negotiation. He didn’t even blame the stubborn creation for refusing his overtures.
 Even if Ves expressed his sincerity, his patience had a limit.
 Perhaps he could make another attempt by starting over, but Ves did not wish to leave this problem unfulfilled. There might be a time in the future where he had to make some changes on the fly. If he still didn’t possess a solution to this problem, he’d be facing constant setbacks and delays.
 He took a step back and tried to parse the situation. The manifestation inhabiting the copy of the DarkSpear design never showed any signs of tiring. Where did it get its energy? Was it inexhaustible or could Ves slowly chip away at its reserves?
 If he could figure out this puzzle, he may be able to come up with a means to wear down this stubborn image.
 Then he thought about how the X-Factor centered around the unity of the mech designer, mech and mech pilot. Leaving the pilot out of consideration, what if Ves forcibly tried to change the design with an overriding image? Could he impose his own vision over the original design and therefore change the fundamental makeup of the X-Factor?
 As much as Ves treated the images like living beings, they exhibited many traits that left them open to exploitation. "They exist in the imaginary realm and have to obey the rules that govern their existence. They aren’t solid in a way that makes them unassailable. If I can chip away at their foundation, I can open a crack in their defenses."
 Ves took a break in order to get his mind back in order. He played around with Lucky and cataloged the gems he excreted lately. The cat lately complained about an insufficiency of high quality minerals, so Ves had to order a new shipment of premium ores to stop Lucky’s badgering.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "What’s another million or so credits?" He ruefully told himself. "Compared to my cat’s wellbeing, money is no objection."
 His cat ate so much minerals and only produced a couple of gems in the end. The disparity between input and output was so huge that Ves wondered how his mechanical cat’s digestion actually worked.
 Did Lucky convert low-quality minerals to high quality alloys within its digestive system or did he turn it into pure energy?
 Both possibilities seem outlandish considering Lucky’s size. Only the most advanced labs could accomplish such a feat.
 Other than cutting him open, Ves had no way to be sure. He left the problem aside and decided to catch up on the news.
 He visited the galactic net and saw much of the same doom and gloom. Rising costs started to trickle down to the consumers and everyone felt the pinch. Their willingness to spend more on luxury goods declined, which caused several businesses catering to these markets to decline in turn.
 The Republic’s economy slowly transitioned into war footing Production of mechs, turrets, carriers and a vast amount of supplies ramped up in preparation of half a decade of war. Naturally, the bulk of these extra orders went to the big established companies. Small fry like his Living Mech Corporation barely benefited from this upsurge of demand. In fact, the rising cost of production negated most of his gains.
 "How is House Kaine doing these days?"
 With the expedition over, House Kaine and Ves went their separate ways. By now, the Ark Horizon should have made the journey back to the Grey Willow Star Sector.
 Ves searched the news and found that Lord Kaine had made some waves upon his return. House Kaine had actually been in bad shape for a while and even stood to lose its most valuable planets. However, the successful expedition turned the tables on the vultures that preyed for their fall.
 With a new champion in the form of Felicity Kaine, House Kaine successfully gained prominence through a number of duels against rival houses. The major reason why she won the duel was because her Cathrec received an overhaul that vastly increased its power generation.
 Finally, House Kaine announced a number of partnerships with the CFA, which also contributed to their ascendancy. With the tacit backing of a behemoth in the form of the Common Fleet Alliance, House Kaine didn’t have to worry about rivals trying to undermine them in secret for a couple of years.
 "The CFA must have gotten a great haul out of the Groening System."
 Much of the frontier remained untouched by human greed. The galaxy was simply too large to be explored in its entirety. Treasure and danger coexisted alongside each other in this vast sea of stars. House Kaine happened to have gambled and won in their last ditch effort to make a big score.
 Still, Ves knew how fraught it had been at certain times. The news only celebrated the success stories. For every successful expedition, ten more crashed and burned. Out here in the frontier, people regarded treasure hunting as delayed form of suicide.
 After Ves finished his recovery, he summoned up the copy of the design and prepared for round two. This time, he opted to go for an indirect approach, seeing as he could never beat the vigilant manifestation in a head-on clash.
 First, Ves adjusted his vision for the DarkSpear. He visualized his custom mech’s performance if Ves adopted Jarle’s suggestions. The frame took on a slightly different shape that enhanced its flexibility. Its prominent spear made way for a pair of blackened curved daggers. The mech’s overall paint scheme took on a Mosville blue shade, with the team logo prominently replacing the royal emblem on its chest.
 Now that he had his vision, Ves turned his attention to constructing the right accompanying image. He had to be careful with this step because he didn’t wish to ruin his custom mech’s X-Factor by destroying its original identity.
 "I have to supplement the image somehow."
 Ves had a good idea on how to go about it. First, he constructed a simple image centered around Jarle Brenthill. He summoned another projector and let it display some highlights of the mech athlete’s career. A vague entity emerged in his mind that carried the essence of Jarle’s piloting style.
 "This should be close enough."
 Then he slowly started tweaking the actual design. He already prepared his plans beforehand, so he worked swiftly in dismantling his design’s original arrangements. Ves avoided bumping into the manifestation. Instead, he solely focused on his new vision and image and tried to embed it into his current work.
 This time, he encountered no obstruction. The manifestation of his design’s X-Factor started to take on different traits as Ves slowly changed the fundamental nature of his design. The schematic and its accompanying X-Factor turned from a pure spear wielder into a transitional form that made it better at wielding daggers.
 It was as if a drop of black paint had fallen onto a bucket of water. The previously clear water became murkier as it took on a grey shade. The longer Ves worked, the more drops of paint fell down into the bucket.
 In the meantime, the manifestation didn’t even realize its own contradictory nature. The image flickered a lot as it couldn’t decide whether to wield a spear or a pair of daggers.
 The dichotomy became more pronounced as Ves continued to work on the design for the next couple of days. The design steadily reached a tipping point where its original identity of a spear wielder became lost.
 "Now should be a good time."
 Ves switched the swear for a pair or daggers he already prepared beforehand. The curved weapons fit the new design like a glove. For a moment, he expected explosions, but nothing drastic resulted from this action. The manifestation slowly warped and solidified into a dagger wielder. Its appearance even resembled Jarle.
 "It worked!"
 He learned something new with attempt. His images drew their strength from their source. Affecting the source allowed Ves to affect the original X-Factor in a form that fit his modifications better. He felt relieved that he didn’t have to go back to the drawing board each time he wanted to update his design or derive a custom mech out of one of his models.
 The ramifications of this experiment affected more than just his own models. Ves wondered if he could apply the same method to other designs or mechs. He could even use it as a subtle form of sabotage.
 "If I ever happen to be working on a mech for someone I hate, I can subsume its X-Factor with a malevolent spirit. Even if every inspection checks out, the mech will still perform worse than normal."
 He quickly discarded the idea. Something like that would never happen. Mech pilots wanted people he could trust to work on their mechs. Putting an enemy in charge of your own war materiel was just asking for trouble.
 Now that he solved the biggest issue, Ves resumed his design work and finalized his modifications. Most of the changes required a decent amount of testing that ate up a lot of time, but Ves wanted to insure he delivered a flawless product. The fate of the sponsorship deal and Jarle’s enthusiasm for his endorsement mattered a lot.
 "This is going to be my first proper entry into the Bentheim market. Once the DarkSpear catches on, my other models will see a surge in popularity."
 Once that happened, Ves gained a foothold in the notoriously crowded Bentheim mech scene. He expected to boost both is virtual and real business activities from that point.
 According to the latest shipping update, his new equipment should arrive at his workshop in the coming week. Once he unpacked his goodies and installed them on the workshop floor, he’d be ready for the next phase in his business plan.
 "I’m still short on money, though."
 With only a couple of component licenses under his belt, Ves needed at least a dozen more to round out his collection. With his company’s current war chest, he’d be hard pressed to license a set of decent components that could fit his minimum standards.
 He intended to design a premium mech, after all. He should invest at least a billion credits in this area to avoid inconsistencies in his original design.
 "Where can I find some money!"
 Short of exchanging his valuable merits or finding an opportunity to make a quick buck, Ves considered whether he should take another loan.
 With the declining profitability of his only Mark II production model, Ves could not sit back and wait. His rough projection of the future revealed that his profits diminished at an alarmingly fast rate.
 While he considered taking another loan, Ves ruled that out after figuring he did not wish to become more reliant on external actors that might not have his best interests at heart. Banks that extended huge loans to companies often demanded a voice on how to run the company.
 Ves absolutely abhorred such a possibility.
 As for selling merits, he’d be making a huge loss if he went through with such a transaction. Merits were extremely valuable and hard to come by. Even a single merit represented a chance to obtain priceless knowledge that he couldn’t get from the System.
 While the System’s Skill Tree allowed him to learn many standard skills, Ves learned that they contained no personality. What he meant by this was that the knowledge held no biases or special insights developed over a long period of designing mechs. Sometimes, this should be an advantage, but other times Ves would miss out on crucial perspectives like Master Olson’s focus on endurance and longevity.
 Ves vaguely sensed the System’s requirements for advancing a skill from Journeyman-level to Senior-level demanded a thorough understanding of the field. This meant that he had to broaden his range and become acquainted with many different viewpoint held by different experts in the field.
 Mech designers ordinarily hoarded such knowledge. Even the System didn’t provide him with different perspectives on the same subject. Thus, merits formed the only way for him to advance in the future.
 "I can still decide to exchange it later as a last ditch effort." He decided. He hadn’t exhausted all of his other methods.
 He decided to follow his mech broker’s suggestion and look for events where he could showcase his ability. A quick search on the galactic net returned dozen of conferences, competitions, show events and exhibitions starting in the next couple of months in the Republic alone.
 Most of these occasions demanded strict requirements to any participating mech designer. No ordinary Dick, Tom and Harry would be allowed to bring their horrible designs and amateurish mechs.
 The classiest events that attracted the richest clientele only opened their doors to Journeyman Mech Designers and higher. Ves had to rule these prestigious events out and lower his sights to those that welcomed Apprentice Mech Designers like himself. These occasions generally drew a poorer crowd that cared more about getting a bargain than ordering a quality mech.
 He shook his head. "These sound more like flea markets than proper opportunities to show your talent."
 Ves studiously combed through the various events and tried to find one which offered him the best possibility to close a lucrative deal.
 He found one in the Vintage Festival.
 It celebrated the coming passing of lastgen mechs into obsolescence. With the next generation of mechs about to arrive, a number of people who grew up during the rise of lastgen mechs more than twenty years ago found it difficult to say their goodbyes to these reliable workhorses.
 To them, their love of lastgen mechs represented a nostalgic love of their childhood experienced. They used to play with toys of lastgen mechs and played the models in virtual simulations in their adolescence. Even if their performance had fallen off these days, their heartfelt love for this period of mech development remained more important than the specs of the following generation of mechs.
 "These are my kind of guys." Ves remarked with gleaming eyes. Many of the attendants to these festivals had money to spend and didn’t care too much about the latest innovations. They only wanted go back in the past and relive the glory days of the last generation of mechs. They’d easily overspend on anything that struck their fancy.
 The only problem was that many of his fellow mech designers knew this as well. While the Vintage Festival allowed Apprentice Mech Designers to showcase their lastgen designs, they conducted a strict selection of every applicant.
 The only upside to the Festival was that Journeyman Mech Designers disdained to compete on sales at such an event. These well-established mech designers focused more on selling their currentgen designs than revisiting soon-to-be-extinct dinosaurs, so not a lot of journeymen bothered to take notice of the event.
 The few that did sign up for the Festival mainly wanted to show off their vintage prestige models in the centerpiece exhibition. The majority of the actual sales occurred in the side halls where various hopeful apprentices hoped to make some easy money from their outdated production licenses.
 "There’s one thing strange about this Vintage Festival. Why would the Vintage Festival which focuses so much on lastgen mechs invite younger designers to sell their mechs?"
 Some of them hadn’t even been born during the golden years of this period. Ves himself barely remembered anything of that generation.
 He came up with a number of guesses. The most probable reason was that every enthusiast of lastgen mechs already owned genuine vintage models, or simply found them to be old and familiar. Perhaps they wanted to see what the younger crop of mech designers could make out of this old period in mech history.
 "Lets see how past Festivals have gone."
 When Ves read through the articles of past Vintage Festivals, he got the sense that these middle-aged customers sought two things at once. They wanted to see and purchase great models that brought them back to the past, but they also wanted to see something fresh that proved that lastgen mechs hadn’t reached the end of the road.
 These two desires contradicted each other. Many apprentices either stuck to the base model and tried to reproduce them as faithfully as possible, or designed radical new variants that performed much better than the originals.
 The downsides to each approach resulted in poor sales to most apprentices hoping to earn some money. Those that tread familiar ground could never surpass the models fabricated by the original manufacturers. Those that spent a lot of effort designing new variants ended up with models so far removed from lastgen mechs that they lost the essence of that period.
 Some apprentices tried to take the middle road by making only minor tweaks to the base model, but many visitors shook their heads at these timid attempts to present something remarkable. The mech designer’s lack of courage reflected back in their work, which often looked and felt as if designed by a bot.
 "It’s not easy to persuade the visitors to pull out their wallets. None of these people are easy to please." Ves surmised after reading through the summaries of the public sales reports.
 While it didn’t include any private transactions with special conditions, many mech designers struggled to make a sale.
 Ves hoped to succeed where many others had failed. Unlike the other designers, Ves had a secret weapon. Mechs with an abundant level of X-Factor evoked strong emotion to anyone who saw them. Such machines should make a powerful impact in the sea of mediocre mechs that others put on display.
 The entire festival revolved around the themes of nostalgia and authenticity. These were subjective criteria that could only be judged with feeling and emotion, something which Ves had a lot of practice in bending them to his will.
 "If I can get this right, I’ll have the crowd eating from the palm of my hand."
 He decided to apply for the festival.
 When Ves looked at the requirements to participate, he found them to be troublesome but attainable. The Vintage Festival only offered a venue to mech designers who were able to deliver. Since Ves owned his own workshop, he possessed ample qualifications to participate.
 He only found a snag when he found out that he had to present at least three different models to the organization. The Festival took place about a month later, but the deadline for participation ended only three weeks from now.
 "I’ll have to work hard to meet this deadline."
 Fortunately, his new machines should arrive in time for him to produce an original Caesar Augustus.
 Yes, Ves wanted to fabricate the expensive, untarnished original Caesar Augustus. With the imminent arrival of his alloy compressor and CTM, his workshop finally gained the capability to reproduce the base model’s highly advanced armor system.
 It should be the centerpiece of his presentation. Even though the white elephant flopped on the market, its iconic look and features made it live to see a bright future in the form of toys, action figures and simulator reproductions. Many of the kids and teenagers at that time aspired to pilot this prestigious model.
 The main challenge Ves faced with this model was to determine the right feel for this model. He once toured a couple of mech halls on Bentheim and personally witnessed a couple of great examples of the Caesar Augustus.
 Each designer or fabricator left their own unique imprint behind in their work. Even though their influence was slight, it still provided the mechs with their own unique flavor. The better designers left a stronger mark behind.
 "There’s a lot of depth behind each quality reproduction."
 The very best copies fabricated by the very best mech designers conveyed a strong blend of flavors that told a rich story. Even though their strength paled in comparison to what Ves could accomplish on his own, their rich experience and untold depths of knowledge provided them with a distinct advantage.
 "It’s like comparing a candy to a moldy cheese. Even if the candy offers a very strong flavor, those with more sophisticated tastes will prefer the cheese."
 Ves had to tread carefully in this matter. If he failed to impress the crowd with his chosen vision, he could say goodbye to any potential sales.
 Besides the Caesar Augustus, Ves planned to offer a gold label Marc Antony Mark II as the second model in his application. The Mark II represented a modern, cheaper take on the Caesar Augustus, which should ordinarily not sell very well in an event like the Vintage Festival.
 His recent experience with modifying the DarkSpear gave him an idea on how to tackle this problem. He could modify the Mark II both visually and emotionally in order to appeal to the festival goers. Even if it was a longshot, it was worth a try.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "In any case, the Mark II already satisfies the condition."
 Besides tinkering with the X-Factor, the two models required no additional work. Ves understood both designs from top to bottom, so he could immediately begin to fabricate them as soon as he received his shipment of raw materials.
 "I still have to figure something out for the third model."
 While Ves could take the lazy route and offer the old Mark I, he really didn’t wish to embarrass himself. The Mark I was vastly inferior to the Mark II and should be consigned to the recycler. His pride as a mech designer refused to consider showing up at the Vintage Festival with the Mark I as an example of his current ability.
 That left the most time-consuming option. "I’ll have to design a new variant."
 Since Ves already planned to offer an original model and a radical variant, he figured he should offer something that fit in between. Even though the Festival disdained such boring machines, Ves felt confident he could break the mold with the help of the X-Factor.
 "The less changes I make, the faster I can get this done."
 With a time limit of a couple of weeks, Ves couldn’t afford to invest his attention on another radical variant. He blamed himself for not checking out these kinds of events sooner. Some of them really provided a good opportunity for him to make some money.
 With a tentative plan in place, Ves decided to consult his mech broker and his publicist. As professional marketers, he should listen to their advice.
 When Ves called Marcella and told her of his plan, she responded with a thoughtful look.
 "Ordinarily, I’d advise apprentices to stay away from this crowd. The people who purchase mechs at the Vintage Festivals have their heads stuck in the past. What they consider to be a good mech can be very different from what you and I think are good."
 Basically, his mech broker called them fanboys and fangirls who exhibited irrational love for lastgen mechs. Even if they saw the latest cutting edge mech designed by a renowned master, they’d scoff at their fancy modern features.
 "I can’t say I understand them, but my unique specialties should appeal to their tastes. I’m confident I can make an impact at the festival."
 "You do have that quality." Marcella admitted with a thoughtful expression. "Yes, if you tailor your mechs in a way that amplifies the ’good old days’ feel of the last generation, you’ll be able to tug at the heartstrings of your customers."
 She offered to facilitate his application to participate at the festival. In addition, she promised to staff his booth with some savvy employees who could do the heavy lifting in terms of persuading visitors to purchase his mechs.
 Naturally, she also received a cut out of these sales.
 Marcella also warned him about a troublesome phenomenon. "One thing you should know is that the customers who attend these festivals will often decide with their guts instead of their brains. Around a third of these people will come to regret their impulse purchase when they sober up. Expect them to call us up to cancel their orders."
 Ves frowned at that. "Is there any way to stop this? Why not rule out cancellations in the sales contract?"
 "That’s bad form and prohibited by the MTA. It protects your customers from being bamboozled into signing awful contracts. Your best bet is to have an ample stock of finished mechs that you can ship out immediately. Once your customers get their hands on your mechs, they’ll find it a lot harder to demand a refund."
 The battle over consumer and producer rights tilted back and forth over the centuries. Currently, the ascendancy of the MTA granted mech manufacturers more protection than before, though their protection only applied if the mechs went through certification.
 Uncertified mechs like those that had been assembled on the cheap by taking advantage of the repair scam or pirated licenses enjoyed no such protection. Both the seller and buyer risked getting screwed by each other as no one guaranteed their transaction.
 In general, any mech that passed certification carried a guarantee by the MTA that the machine had no defects and hadn’t been sabotaged in any way. Once a customer gained possession of such a mech and didn’t issue any complaints, he’d be stuck with it from that point onwards.
 This meant that he couldn’t accidentally crash the mech and demand a refund from the manufacturer afterwards. The mech was sound and didn’t carry any defects in terms of navigation or locomotion. The fault lay solely in the mech pilot who trashed the new machine.
 "So what you’re saying is the only way to prevent more refunds is if I can deliver my mechs as fast as possible?" Ves frowned at the implications.
 "The best solution is to fabricate an ample stock of mechs in advance and ship them over to Bentheim. When the festival starts, you can transfer the mechs into the hands of your customers at the very same day. Don’t give them time to reconsider time to reconsider their purchase if you want to maximize your earnings."
 What his mech broker said made sense, but it represented a very large bet to Ves. If he attended the festival with dozens of models stashed in a warehouse but failed to sell the majority of his stock, he’d be stuck with an awful lot of wasted mechs. Outside of the Vintage Festival, these nostalgia-ridden mechs carried no appeal to regular consumers.
 "I won’t fabricate more than a single copy of each mech I plan to sell." Ves eventually decided. "Your idea has merit, but my liquid funds can only stretch so far. I’d be using up my entire drawer of cash if I fabricate more copies of the Caesar Augustus or any other comechs."
 Comechs stood short for compressed armor mechs. In first and second-rate states, such a terms would be redundant, because pretty much every battle mech incorporated some form of compressed armor.
 Only in resource-starved third-rate states did people find it necessary to distinguish comechs from unmechs, the unflattering term for cheap mechs built with uncompressed armor.
 "That’s your decision to make." Marcella responded with a touch of understanding. "Do make sure to prepare for an intense period of fabrication. The longer you take to deliver your product, the higher the chance your orders get cancelled. If you let your customers wait for months, you will stand to lose a lot of potential earnings."
 With the Dortmund printer and his new set of equipment shipped from Leemar, Ves didn’t worry too much about this possibility. His workshop would soon be capable of fabricating mechs at a rate of one per day once he mastered the equipment and beefed up the staffing.
 After finishing his talk with Marcella, he consulted Gavin to hear from another perspective. His publicist’s face turned into an eager expression when he heard how Ves described the clientele.
 "I know the type. They’re suckers. They’re the sort of people who will throw away their entire life savings on a toy that is shiny enough in their eyes. The key is to make your product shine bright enough that they can’t see the flaws through all of the glare."
 "What do you suggest?"
 Gavin had some useful advice to accomplish this feat. "Impose artificial scarcity on the products that you’re offering at the festival. Give them enough unique traits and add an exclusive-sounding label like Legacy Edition or Limited Edition and promise not to produce more than ten or so copies of each model. This way, you’ll limit the amount of work you have in store and maximize the profits of each individual sale."
 His suggestion sounded similar to what Marcella once said. Ves declined to complicate his product offering back then because he didn’t want to end up with a messy catalog.
 Now that he was awfully short on money, Ves reconsidered his decision. It sounded like an easy way to distinguish his products and the changes he planned to make with the X-Factor. These wouldn’t be regular mechs intended for the open market.
 Pulling this off required a careful judgement on the amount of copies he intended to sell for each model. Fabricating too many copies diminished the exclusive nature of each design.
 However, if he went too far in the other direction, he’d earn a paltry sum even if he managed to boost his profit margin on the few models he sold.
 Fortunately, Ves didn’t have to figure this out on his own. "Can you analyze the market and determine the optimal amount of mechs to sell? The key is to maximize out earnings, not our profit margin. I need lots of cold hard cash to fund the development of a new design."
 "I can do that, but I can only get you the most accurate results if I know how good your designs catch on to your target audience."
 "You can develop three scenarios then." Ves suggested. "One where my sales fall flat, one where there is modest interest and one where my models catch fire. We can leave the actual figures ambiguous until we’re able to gauge the actual response to my works."
 Gavin immediately went to work after receiving his assignment.
 As for Ves, before he turned his attention to his new projects, he wanted to catch up to how Jarle Brenthill had been taking his new virtual mech. He opened up his terminal and visited the mech athlete’s livestream.
 "The Rushing Storm does it again! Another mech down for the count!"
 A bombastic battlefield came into view as Jarle’s custom mech had just emerged from stealth and rushed to the rear of an enemy squad. Unlike his previous duels, this time Jarle opted to play in one of the larger game modes.
 Even if he rushed out alone, the enemy mechs became disarrayed. Ves had tweaked the Festive Cloud Generator to pump up even more vapor, this time dyed in Mosville Blue. The dark blue coloration added an electrifying component to the assassin’s mech rush. The rifleman mechs panicked and fired blindly in the direction of the approaching cloud.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The custom mech deftly dodged the direction of their aim. Jarle utilized a complicated spinning pattern to approach the enemy formation from a more vulnerable direction. The instant he approached a rifleman mech, his assassin mech struck with a flurry of deadly stabs, instantly striking all of its weak points.
 The moment the rifleman mech got downed, Jarle turned to the next rifleman mech and struck its weapon aside before tearing it apart in a rapid example of battlefield deconstruction. Most of its companions hesitated on shooting back for fear of causing friendly fire. The two melee mechs of the squads tried to race to the rescue but Jarle’s machine always seemed to dance away from their reach.
 "Is this still an assassin mech?" Ves wondered with puzzlement.
 Jarle’s performance astounded him. While the custom mech lost its ability to cripple a mech with a single charge, its added agility allowed it to destroy several vulnerable mechs in quick succession before the enemy squad could form a proper response.
 Once his momentum started to fade, the custom mech quickly turned around and sped away. The remnants of the enemy squad were in no shape to pursue, allowing Jarle to get away scott-free.
 The amazing burst of explosiveness riled up the viewers of the stream. Jarle’s viewership enjoyed a remarkable growth since the last time Ves visited the channel. Right now, he drew over two million viewers.
 A quick check on his virtual sales dimmed his enthusiasm a bit. The DarkSpear only sold around four-thousand extra virtual copies, far below the growth in viewership. It showed that while the viewers admired Jarle’s display of murderous efficiency, they didn’t attribute his success to his mech.
 Despite this small disappointment, Ves was well on track on reaching his sales target of ten-thousand units sold. "I’ll probably reach the maximum in one or two weeks."
 Designing a custom mech for Jarle had been worth the effort. For a small bit of work, he accelerated his accumulation of DP by a fair pace.
 His online account even received a lot of requests for him to design a custom virtual mech. Ves had no time to engage in this business, but it signalled that Ves had finally gained some renown.
 With several projects in store and a lot of potential sales needing to be fulfilled, Ves finally got around to consider expanding his work force.
 "It’s time to get more manpower by my side."
 Ves held several ambitions for his workshop personnel. They didn’t need to be too capable, but they must be loyal and and able to solve problems on their own. He greatly admired how House Kaine cultivated a capable group of mech technicians to staff their maintenance department. He planned to emulate their model for his own workshop.
 "Let’s start with hiring ten or so mech technicians. Any more and my workshop will become crowded."
 With only two production lines, Ves expected to face relatively few issues at the beginning. Carlos and Ves had already made do with bots so far. In that regard, hiring mech technicians seem redundant, but once the LMC started to expand, the extra hands should prove useful.
 To keep the mech technicians in line, Ves wanted to put a senior mech technician in charge. The chief technician should have ample experience and ideally plenty of leadership experience.
 "It’s going to get hard getting my hands on such a gem."
 Mech manufacturers treasured these kinds of chief technicians. They possessed both rich experience and sound judgement and could solve a variety of difficult conundrums without asking for help from someone more knowledgeable.
 Fortunately, Ves didn’t have to take the trouble of seeking one out himself. The Larkinsons nurtured its own army of mech technicians. Perhaps he could snag one from his family’s estate.
 Ves prepared to call his grandfather.
 His grandfather didn’t look surprised when Ves made his request. "Any good mech workshop needs a crew of human hands. It’s good of you to realize that. Too many manufacturers are seduced by the total control they have over their bots that they don’t realize that their perfect arrangement falls apart once it bumps into an obstacle."
 "I already know about the whole automation debate, grandfather. I won’t follow in the footsteps of the Terrans."
 Pretty much everyone in the galaxy knew about the dangers of relying too much on bots. A few hundred years ago, the Greater Terran United Confederation once thought to replace all menial labor with bots, and reached a remarkable degree robotization in their society.
 All of this went dandy and fine, until some groups of undisciplined dissidents hacked several widespread models of bots, causing widespread destruction and mayhem. Bots went rogue as they attack the humans they served or caused deliberate fires and explosions.
 The unprepared Terrans found to their horror that they depended so much on bots for their everyday life that they could hardly muster a response to the rogue bots.
 Even worse was when their battle bots became compromised as well. While they possessed much tighter cybersecurity, rampaging bots had forcefully invaded the headquarters of the companies who made them. The rebels made off with libraries filled with source code and other critical files, which they used to devastating effect.
 The so-called Bot Rebellion as it became known had fractured the largely unified humans into disparate islands of calm, as some bulwarks managed to eliminate the bots early. By the time the Terrans managed to get a grip on their own territory, the dream of uniting the human race under a single political entity had been shattered.
 "I’ll send you one of my chiefs. It will take a lot of persuasion to relocate from Rittersberg to Cloudy Curtain, so you better offer him some good conditions. I suggest you look somewhere closer to fill up the rest of your roster."
 "Thank you for that, grandfather. I’ll be sure to treat him well."
 Ves realized that Benjamin must have made a great sacrifice by parting with one of his chiefs. The Larkinsons always cultivated their own crop of technicians in order to be assured of their loyalty and qualifications. As long as he had a trusted chief watching over his technicians, Ves didn’t have to worry about their conduct.
 They closed the call after his grandfather estimated that the chief should arrive in a month. Ves figured he’d wait on hiring more mech technicians until then, as he wanted his new chief to make his own selection from the local workforce.
 Ves spent the next day preparing his workshop for the new additions. He moved over the existing machines so that it offered enough space for two distinct production lines.
 The old production line consisted of his second-hand printer and his second-hand assembly system. While a little slow, the old line sufficed in fabricating unmechs like the Marc Antony Mark II.
 The new production line took up a lot more space. The basic production process started with inputting raw materials in the Dortmund printer. Bots brought over the parts it spat out to his new assembly system which should rapidly construct a new frame.
 Any parts that required compressed armor went through a few more steps. The Dortmund printer fabricated an embryo which would then be submerged in a special solution in the chemical treatment machine.
 Once the formula did its job, the altered embryo would then be put in an alloy compressor which will subject the unfinished piece of alloy to enormous forces. After that, a proper piece of compressed armor should come out of it, which would then be taking to his new assembly system to be put on a mech frame.
 Despite the additional steps, Ves envisioned that the new production line should be able to work much faster than the old one. At the start, it might take a couple of days to fabricate a comech. The second one should be finished a little faster, while the third one took even less time.
 This went on and on until the learning curve finally flattened. By that time, Ves boldly predicted that the new production line should be able to finish a comech within a single day.
 "The most time consuming portion are the chemical treatment and the alloy compression phases. While it’s not possible to automate them completely, if I can hire or train a specialist to take charge of these machines, he will be able to optimize their processes."
 Perhaps Ves obsessed a little too much on arranging his production lines, but establishing a good flow saved a lot of money and time. It was better to plan his arrangements beforehand than to do it while he had a ton of orders to fulfill.
 The next day, a small fleet of transports arrived at his workshop. After his security checked over the goods, Ves finally received the new additions to his workshop.
 In order to save time, Ves tasked Carlos with setting up the machines. "While they look sophisticated, they’re mostly self-contained so they should work right out of the box. Just run some diagnostics and start a few test projects to make sure they work according to specs."
 "Are you sure you want me setting up these expensive machines?" Carlos asked apprehensively. After all, while he didn’t know their exact models, they all looked extremely expensive and far beyond what a typical mech boutique should own.
 "It’s still within the range of your capabilities. Just don’t drop anything and you’re good to go."
 "If you say so, boss."
 Ves predicted that Carlos should take a couple of days to insure the machines had been installed correctly. Even if the bots sped up the installation, his fabricator still needed some time to check all of their functions.
 In the meantime, Ves decided to start on designing the three models he’d present at the Vintage Festival. Gavin and Marcella sent him different reports that gave him some insight into his target audience.
 "They’re not simple lastgen fanboys."
 Many visitors of the Vintage Festival merely wished to relive the past, but the ones with money had more discerning tastes. They should be his actual target segment. After skimming through the reports, Ves got a sense of what kind of product should appeal to their desires.
 "Lastgen mechs will soon be used and discarded en masse in the upcoming war. This is the eventual fate for most outdated mechs, but it’s a sad outcome nonetheless."
 Those in charge intended to send out the lastgen mechs to the forefront of the battle because they were expendable. While this was the most logical and efficient decision to make, it nonetheless rested on the assumption that lastgen mechs could no longer contribute to society.
 This was profoundly disrespectful to the people who developed an affection for this generation.
 It was akin to putting a rifle in the hands of their grandparents and shoving them onto the battlefield to die. Now that they’ve grown old and inform, they served no other use. Rather than allow them to continue to take up valuable resources, it was better to let them go out with a bang.
 Even Ves felt ambivalent about this cold but rational decision. The alternative would be breaking down the mechs and forge new machines out of them, but that required way too much effort.
 "Every model only has a limited shelf life. The moment a mech designer finalized a design, its clock had already started ticking."
 Mechs generally lasted around twenty years. The visitors of the Vintage Festival disliked the ephemeral nature of their generation.
 Ves had thought a lot about their desires. He finally touched upon one of their deepest desires.
 "What they truly want is an immortal mech."
 Enduring, eternal, immutable. If Ves could design a mech that embodied these ideals, he’d have a bestseller on his hands. His design should intrinsically grow in value as it got older.
 "That’s going to be a challenge."
 Since mechs generally possessed a limited life span, their value always decreased over time. Even if his customers never piloted his models and intended to put them on display, Ves had to ensure its components never decayed in this state.
 This should be easy to do, but entailed a lot of small modifications. Ves had to replace the more delicate components in his design for durable versions that demanded very little maintenance.
 He started with the easiest and most familiar design, the Marc Antony Mark II. Ves recalled the images he used to form its X-Factor and reused them in their original conditions except for one small addition. He added an underlying tone of continuity and perpetuity to their flavors.
 After composing the altered images, Ves went to work on modifying his design. He already knew which components needed replacing, so he hardly wasted any time. It took only two days to rip out all of the disposable components and replace them with hardier versions.
 The work hardly required a lot of thought, but Ves spent some time on testing his altered design to make sure it retained its functionality. While the mech still possessed elements that degraded over time, it should be manageable if their owners performed sporadic maintenance.
 "I can’t go too far in this direction." Ves carefully reminded himself. "Mechs that focus so much on longevity tend to turn into empty shells that fall apart once they enter the battlefield."
 Even if the customers at the Vintage Festival bought the mechs to serve as collectables, they should still be able to fulfill their primary function. Mechs that lost their fighting capability lacked the authenticity that the festival goers demanded.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "Let’s call this the Eternal Edition."
 The Mark II Eternal Edition cost a bit more to build as Ves replaced some of its cheaper materials with more expensive ones. Other than that, the mech should still match the specs of the regular design. Only its X-Factor should be different. Ves couldn’t wait to fabricate a show model to experience its aura.
 He had to order a new batch of raw materials to fabricate the Eternal Edition. While his order would be sent on the next convoy shipment to Cloudy Curtain, Ves turned his attention to his second project, the original Caesar Augustus.
 A complex mood settled into his body as he called up a projection of the original design. "Just a year ago, I merely dreamed of being able to work with this design directly."
 Carlos already made good progress with setting up his new production line. Soon, the Living Mech Corporation would be able to fabricate comech designs like the Caesar Augustus at a decent scale.
 It represented a step up for his company and added to its prestige.
 That said, Ves didn’t plan on doing any business with the regular design outside the Festival. The demand for every lastgen model had declined so it made little sense to add yet another soon-to-be-obsolete design to his product catalog.
 Working with the Caesar Augustus required a bit more effort from Ves. From a technical standpoint, Ves already knew what to tweak or replace. He mainly placed his concerns on its X-Factor.
 "How can I shape the X-Factor of a design that’s not my own?"
 Perhaps the original design never carried any meaningful X-Factor at all. Nevertheless, the design still carried a touch of Jason Kozlowski in his younger years.
 Ves had to respect the intentions of the original designer while simultaneously putting his own spin on its classic design.
 Fortunately, his familiarity with his design allowed him to come up with an suitable vision for his Eternal Edition. Since it served as the centerpiece of his display, it should carry forth the original model’s aspirations to serve as a leader and a rallying cry on the battlefield.
 Since he only planned to do some minor modifications, Ves thought it was inappropriate to use the Triple Division technique. The design belonged to Jason Kozlowski and Ves didn’t wish to tarnish the touch he left behind.
 Instead, he intended to amplify its core concepts of hope and authority while adding a touch of eternity to the mixture. With his mental strength, Ves expected to achieve a remarkable result once he finished the modified design.
 "Let’s get to work."
 Ves successfully blended his new vision onto a very slightly tweaked design. With this, the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition should be ready for fabrication once he got the raw materials.
 This time, Ves had to wince as he ordered another batch of materials to add to his existing orders. Compressed armor always used up more exotics. With the rising cost of resources, his total cost had ballooned to 50 million credits!
 "I can barely make a profit out of this model if I only charge a normal price."
 At least he gained something from this effort. His understanding of this old design had deepened, which should prove useful for his next project.
 With two Eternal Editions down, Ves turned his attention to the third design, a comech variant of the Caesar Augustus. Having worked on several different variants of this design gave him a unique impression of what it could do.
 "It’s a mech designed for heroic leaders. It’s not a coincidence the coating is brilliant white. This mech is designed to inspire."
 While that sounded great, Ves put some questions on whether this scenario actually occurred since the model’s release.
 What mech designers cook up in their imagination might not translate into practical designs. The Caesar Augustus embodied this phenomenon. The model became larger than life due to the hopeful dreams that propelled its design. In a certain perspective, it represented a high note of the last generation of mechs.
 Figuring this out reignited his own passion and love for mech design. He summed up the underlying intent of this design. "Mechs don’t always have to be realistic. What’s wrong with a little fantasy?"
 Granted, such a naive approach to mech design rarely led to critical success. The mech market centered around fulfilling their practical demands such as delivering high performance for a reasonable cost. The bloated Caesar Augustus failed to reach the heights its designer originally aimed for, and suffered for it upon its debut.
 Ves wanted to chart his own path.
 The Mark II had been designed with practicality and cost-efficiency in mind, while the Caesar Augustus revolved around hope. Ves wished to design a variant that embodied his own ideals instead of adhering to the demands of the market or the original designer.
 An inkling of magnitude crept up in his mind. Ves faintly realized this decision affected his design philosophy. Even though Ves only grasped a glimpse of what seniors and masters referred to as design philosophy, he knew its development formed the key to advancing to their level.
 "The way these people talk about design philosophy makes it clear it’s not about mentality alone." Ves surmised after he recalled the few instances where older mech designers stressed the importance of developing a design philosophy. "It involves some sort of higher state of being."
 Ves had the sense that it functioned similar to the X-Factor and that it involved some sort of metaphysics. From what he heard, a well-developed design philosophy enabled a mech designer to develop a design that functioned beyond the boundaries of common science. The more advanced Journeyman-level textbooks occasionally hinted at such.
 "Design philosophy and the X-Factor may even be different roads that lead to the same destination. Is this why AIs haven’t taken over the job of designing mechs?" He mused.
 The technology to allow computers to design mechs on their own existed for a long time. Even then, it never caught on. Design philosophy should be one of the main reasons why AIs could never match a human mind.
 "Enough distractions."
 Ves shook his head and turned his attention back to his design. For his third model, Ves wanted to embody his own principles. So far, his principles aspired to bring mechs to life.
 He summed up his end goal. "People should look at my design and mistake it for a living entity."
 His mechs didn’t need to be autonomous sentient beings like some living AI. After all, he designed mechs, not robots. The difference between the two was that mechs functioned best when paired with a human pilot. Ves aimed to enhance the piloting experience by enriching the mech with lifelike qualities.
 A wonderful synergy should result with this pairing. What Jarle pulled off with his customized DarkSpear should only be the tip of the spear of what Ves ultimately wanted to bring into existence.
 This time Ves decided to go with an understated X-Factor for his third model. Ves didn’t wish to overshadow the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition, which ought to play the leading role in his display.
 He quickly hit a snag. "How can I design a mech that’s both eternal but also alive?"
 Something that lived went through various phases of life. They grew stronger from the moment of their birth and declined in strength once they reached their peak. Something with a finite lifespan did not fit well with a mech that was supposed to be eternal.
 He turned to a simple solution. In his imagination, anything was possible, even eternity. Ves envisioned an Immortal Sage, a being out of ancient myth just like the Instructor.
 The man used to be a warrior at youth, achieving plenty of merits that fueled his career into officialdom. Through hard work and smart decisions, he achieved a higher status, eventually vaulting to a ministry before deciding to retire.
 Even then, he continued to guide his country towards prosperity. Stepping back from power granted him a sober perspective on many matters. Through constant deduction and self-reflection, his mind experienced a cleansing that elevated him to immortality.
 "I like this image." He smiled.
 This time, he used it as the central component of his Triple Division technique. The base role remained a hybrid knight while the totem animal consisted of a mythical undying turtle.
 After a few hours of composing an appropriate background for all of his images, he mashed them all together.
 Surprisingly, the images didn’t come to blows. The Immortal Sage and the undying turtle minded their own business. Only the hybrid knight showed some aggression but failed to uncover any openings. The two sagely images both collaborated with each other, holding the hybrid knight at bay.
 "This isn’t supposed to happen."
 He deliberately strengthened the Sage and allocated only a limited amount of mental strength to the other two images. Ves wanted the Sage to stomp over the other two and absorb their essense in order to evolve its own.
 Life threw a wrench in that plan.
 "It’s best not to force the situation further." He concluded. "It’s my own fault for making the Immortal Sage so enlightened."
 Ves went to work on a template of the Caesar Augustus with his tentative images. He couldn’t help but overhaul large portions of its crowded interior. The solutions he developed for the Marc Antony Mark II could also be applied to the base model.
 He made sure not to go too far, both because the frames ultimately differed in many aspects. Different armor systems led to different weight distribution and support. Ves had to figure out plenty of new solutions to simplify the internals.
 Just like with the other two designs, this time Ves aimed to enhance the mech’s longevity. He borrowed some of the solutions he applied on the original Caesar Augustus, saving him a lot of time.
 In total, Ves spent just over a week to refine his third design. As it came into its own identity, the design already started to evoke a strong sense of life, wisdom and immortality.
 As a final touch, Ves added in the Festive Cloud Generator in the form of a rolling purple cape instead of a head crest. It added to his variant’s role as a ruler instead of a warrior.
 "Let’s call this one the Marcus Aurelius."
 The Ancient Roman emperor in Old Earth’s history had been regarded as something of a sage. As Ves was no expert of this time period, he merely picked the first suitable name the galactic net spat out. It sounded stately enough to convey the right emotions.
 The Marcus Aurelius functioned more as a symbol rather than a war machine. While Ves maintained its capability to do battle, he much rather preferred to see it prosper in times of peace.
 Ves passed over the design to the System for evaluation. He already knew how well his latest design performed, so he skimmed over most of the report. The only thing that mattered to Ves was its X-Factor.
 In this regard, the System granted the design a score of C+, well below his expected target.
 "Oh come on, System! Just because the images didn’t cannibalize each other doesn’t mean my design is any worse than the DarkSpear!"
 The System stayed silent of course, but even if it knew the answer, Ves had to figure things out on his own.
 Obviously, a higher quality X-Factor required some kind of interaction with his images. Allowing them to fight to the death should only be one way to spur an evolution. Ves wondered if he could get his images to evolve through voluntary synthesis.
 "It’s something to consider for the next time."
 Right now, Ves finished his design work. All he had to do was fabricate the show models of all three designs in order to meet the requirements to participate in the Vintage Festival.
 The raw materials for the Eternal Editions of the Mark II and the Caesar Augustus had already arrived. By the time he finished fabricating the show models of both designs, the resources to fabricate the Marcus Aurelius should also be shipped to his workshop.
 "Carlos!" Ves called when he entered the workshop floor.
 "Yes, boss?"
 "Set aside your current project and help me fabricate my three show models. I’ve just finished their design and I’m itching to see if they measure up in reality."
 "That’s great!"
 The two went about their work with infectious enthusiasm. Ves took the lead this time because he wanted to ensure the X-Factor for each of the models remained pure. He merely let Carlos fetch some materials or arrange some minor details to speed up the work. His employee lacked the mental strength to compete against his boss in this aspect.
 The Eternal Edition of the Mark II only took a day to complete. With their extreme familiarity of the LMC’s only production model, they hardly needed to pause as they used the Dortmund printer and the new assembly system to put a mech together.
 Ves left the mech aside after inspecting its X-Factor. It had indeed gained a smidgen of eternity compared to his other gold label mechs, but the difference was rather small. Its design still retained something of a workhorse quality Ves had conveyed in his original vision for the Mark II.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "I should get a better result with the other two models."
 This would be the first time his workshop fabricated a mech clad with compressed armor. While Ves had fabricated the fabrication of the Caesar Augustus in a virtual environment, that gave little comfort to him. Virtual fabrication only provided him with a simplified experience in an excessively ideal environment.
 Only a little more than a week remained until the deadline for entry passed. Ves had to work briskly in order to make it in time.
 "Let’s begin."
 Over a week-long period, Ves fabricated both the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition and the Marcus Aurelius in back-to-back sessions that stretched on for many hours.
 Ves faced very few difficulties with fabricating their internals, which shared many commonalities with the internals of the Mark II. He only encountered difficulties when he started fabricating compressed armor plating.
 The formula used in the formation of the extremely resilient armor demanded an extreme amount of precision. Ves constantly had to watch the chemical treatment machine and the alloy compressor to make sure they applied their processes evenly.
 Flat plates required relatively little effort to ensure their quality, but the process became more complicated once he started with the curved ones. Their uneven shapes added a lot of extra work for Ves as he had to find the right settings to allow the processes to seep into the plating without major deviations.
 Ves barely completed the fabrication of the two expensive models within the deadline. As a final touch, Ves added in a couple of random gems with minor effects. With his growing sum of DP, he could easily afford the 100 DP it took to add an anonymous stamp to Lucky’s gems.
 When Ves stored the models side-by-side in an expanded store room, he became bewitched by their mutually reinforcing auras.
 Any single model represented a treasure by itself, but when they were put together, they achieved a qualitative transformation that even Carlos couldn’t ignore.
 "Why do I get the feeling that your show models are hiding something big?" Carlos asked with puzzlement.
 Ves smiled at his employee’s remark. "You have no idea how special these models are. They’re eternal."
 The Vintage Festival accepted his entry when he applied.
 Properly speaking, Ves had to bring his show models to Bentheim before the deadline expired, but the person in charge of applications bent the rules for him. It only took a day or two until the next convoy shipped the models to Bentheim.
 Ves left the arrangements of his booth to Marcella, who in turn delegated the job to her subordinates. These same people would also be staffing his booth and take care of his sales once the festival began.
 "Their role in this event is to facilitate the sales process." Marcella explained over the comm. "While you don’t need to be present at all times, it will be helpful if you stick to your booth and explain your designs to anyone who shows any interest in purchasing a mech. Often times, a customer can be swayed to purchase your products if you present yourself as a reputable mech designer."
 "Will you be there as well?"
 "I’m not going to make it." Marcella shook her head. "I’m negotiating on behalf of another client on a major order. Sorry kid, but you’re still small-time as far as I’m concerned."
 Fair enough. While Marcella earned a generous cut with her current contract, it didn’t amount to much in absolute terms. While he recently expanded the LMC’s production capabilities, it only sold a handful of Mark II’s a month, far below the standards of a typical medium-scale mech manufacturer.
 After saying goodbye, Ves turned his attention back to his workshop. "I should prepare for an intensive round of fabrication."
 His words betrayed the confidence he held in his Eternal series. Their craftsmanship surpassed anything that Ves had produced so far. When the three models stood side-by-side, their X-Factor emanated a formless pressure that threatened to engulf the entire storage space!
 "I won’t believe my models will flop."
 Ves gambled a lot on their success. Already, his company’s savings account diminished by a whopping 120 million credits. He had no other choice but to spend the money on the raw materials to fabricate the show models. If he couldn’t even manage to sell the original models, he’d be stuck with a couple of extremely expensive statues.
 "All I can do now is wait."
 The Festival started in a couple more weeks, leaving Ves plenty of time to get his company in order.
 First, he optimized his new production line. His previous bout of fabrication exposed some flaws in his arrangements that could prove dangerous down the line. Ves nipped the latent problems in the bud and ensured that all of the machines worked properly.
 By this time, their first shady orders had arrived. Dietrich arranged for some nondescript companies with boring names such as Ellis and Johnson Security or Armature Inc. to place some random component orders to the LMC. Superficially, they all appeared to be legitimate companies that all owned mechs but needed urgent replacements.
 Ves wasn’t fooled. They all stood for shadier organizations that wanted to make use of his workshop’s unregistered and unmonitored Dortmund printer to fabricate a whole swathe of mech parts. Much of the orders his company received consisted of complex parts that regular printers couldn’t handle.
 Still, his Dortmund printer should provide enough assistance to Carlos that he’d be able to handle the majority of the orders by himself. Ves only took care of the most difficult orders which consisted of various compressed armor plating.
 "I still think this is a bad idea. The more we fabricate, the more we become involved." Carlos repeated to Ves. "I don’t want to wake up with a gun pointed at my head one day."
 Ves idly waved away his concern. "Relax, Carlos. It’s safe here in Cloudy Curtain. It’s ten times worse if I decided to set my business up in Bentheim."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Even if he exaggerated a bit, his words possessed an element of truth. Managing your relations with the local gangs had often been considered as the cost of doing business in Bentheim.
 Frankly, the sheer amount of shady activities that went on in the port system exposed the Republic’s weakness. Its relatively lose grasp on society allowed an abundance of bad actors to settle between its gaps.
 The weeks went by in a blur. Even the challenge of fabricating the exotic orders didn’t fase Ves much. He left Carlos with the rest of the workload and boarded his corvette which held two packed mechs, Melkor’s Stanislaw and Raella’s Vektrix.
 Ves learned his lesson. Instead of hoping for the best, he prepared for the worst. After the last incident on Bentheim, his family arranged a permit for him to travel around with a mech escort.
 He didn’t leave his fate to chance and made more preparations. He contracted Sanyal-Ablin to provide armed transportation and additional security at the festival. The Coalition security company eagerly accepted the job after Ves paid them a hefty sum.
 Raella, Melkor and Lucky accompanied him aboard the Barracuda. By now, Raella recovered fully from her poisoning and showed eagerness to get back into shape. Even the bad memories she got from her last trip to Bentheim didn’t dim her enthusiasm to get out in the galaxy.
 "Hopefully nothing happens this time." Raella remarked as she sipped a special nutrient-rich solution at the lounge. "It’s annoying to fight against enemies who hide in the dark."
 Ves pursed his lips in dissatisfaction. "Who can say? At least the chaos on Bentheim has subsided a bit. The Mech Corps did a good job rooting out the BLM from their hiding holes."
 "Yeah, but the damage is already done."
 The Bentheim Liberation Movement sabotaged a lot of critical infrastructure that kept the mech industry going. The disruption in supply chains led to far-reaching consequences to the companies down the line. Nobody enjoyed the sudden rise in costs.
 Worse, many manufacturers went out of business due to their inability to generate a profit in these circumstances. This led to a significant amount of layoffs, putting many low-level laborers on the street.
 This in turn fueled the indignity against the central government. Rather than blaming the BLM for disrupting the economy, they would rather lay the blame on the elites at Rittersberg.
 On that depressing note, the Barracuda swiftly reached the Bentheim System in less than half a day. As his pilot and navigator Miranda Pham became increasingly more familiar with the corvette, her ability to plot a faster transition improved.
 "Navigating gravitic space takes a lot of judgement." Captain Silvestra explained to Ves when he asked about the difference. "Laymen often confuse FTL travel for taking a shortcut in a dimension where distances are shorter. We’re actually shifting to a range of upper dimensions where spacetime exhibits slight differences from one dimension to the next."
 The key to reducing transit time laid in a ship’s ability to plow the same route over and over to explore the most efficient set of upper dimensions. What complicated this process was that substantial differences in mass and volume led to different transition times.
 A slow, lumbering shuttle generally did better if it kept to the lower range of dimensions, while a fast corvette like the Barracuda preferred a higher range. Ships that tried to transition into a range beyond their capacity risked being torn apart by the differences in forces exerted at various points of their hulls.
 Fortunately, interstellar travel to a port system like Bentheim posed much fewer risks than normal. Their journey went without a hitch and the Barracuda effortlessly descended into the atmosphere until it reached Marcella’s private mech yard.
 A smartly-dressed auburn-haired woman welcomed Ves and his companions to Bentheim with a smile. "Mr. Larkinson, it’s a pleasure to meet you! My name is Antje Livinis. I’m the sales manager for Bollinger Mech Trade. Miss Bollinger has put me in charge of your sales force for the upcoming festival."
 After Ves shook her dainty little hand, he regarded her with a curious expression. Unlike Bollinger who exhibited the muscular physique of an ex-veteran mech pilot, Antje looked like a fairy. That must help a lot in the business as many clients probably underestimated her poise.
 "Have you seen my show models yet?"
 "Oh, yes! They’re absolutely fabulous!" Antje gushed with genuine enthusiasm. "They’re as impressive as the artisan models in the museums! I don’t know how you managed to design them like that, but if you’re able to reproduce the same sensation in your production models, then I expect you’ll be making a hefty amount of business."
 Even though she praised his craftsmanship, she also put a couple of question marks in his ability to replicate the show models with all of their qualities intact.
 "I can assure you that my fabrication skills are up to par. I can easily match their qualities in my subsequent production."
 Even though the sales manager still held doubts, she chose to believe him. As a sales manager who handled a lot of routine business for Marcella, Antje had already become familiar with his Mark II. Even the silver label mechs that Carlos fabricated every week contained a smidgen of X-Factor.
 Technically, the Eternal series consisted of gold label mechs, and they displayed the traits typical to this exclusive range. Even if Antje couldn’t quite put her finger on why the models impressed her so much, she knew that people would pay a lot of money to own a mech that could radiate such pressure.
 "Too bad my publicist Gavin isn’t able to attend. He’d love to discuss the details with you."
 Gavin and Calsie only worked part-time at the LMC while they focused on their studies. They still had a year to go before they graduated from the local university in Freslin.
 Ves shared the virtual documents that Gavin compiled to Antje. It turned out that the sales manager performed her own analysis on his projected sales, though she didn’t come up with three different scenarios.
 She smiled at him. "I know the sort of people who attend this festival, and I think it’s very likely your models will catch on. I think it’s not too far-fetched if we assume the most optimistic scenario will take place."
 Gavin’s optimistic scenario envisioned a huge demand for his Eternal Edition mechs. Under the assumption that there would always be more customers, he came up with a complicated pricing scheme for each models during the four-day festival.
 The Mark II Eternal Edition started sales at a whopping 40 million credits, with a limit of ten models sold each day. The limit ensured that his company wouldn’t be burdened by endless orders that risked being cancelled after a couple of months.
 The Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition sold at an even more incredulous price tag of 80 million credits, with only three models sold per day. Gavin predicted that many collectors wanted to own this model in the optimistic scenario, thus he jacked up the price to almost twice its production cost.
 As for the Marcus Aurelius, nobody knew if anyone wanted it more than the Caesar Augustus. Due to its uniqueness and exclusivity, Gavin decided to hold a daily auction over this model. This allowed them to avoid setting a fixed price for this esoteric model.
 That could either go good or bad depending on its appeal. Antje clearly questioned the need to hold an auction. "Your design is rather conservative for a variant. On paper, it’s nothing impressive, though I admit it does make you forget about it once you see it in the flesh. My main concern is that others won’t see it that way and refuse to raise their bids."
 Failed auctions showed that Ves had overestimated the value of his designs. If he couldn’t match or surpass the standard price of a Caesar Augustus, then his reputation in the mech industry could take a hit.
 Ves stuck to his guns. "I’m willing to take the bet."
 He charged high prices for his designs because they carried something unique. His entry into the Vintage Festival formed something of a trial balloon. Ves wanted to gauge whether the public had any stomach for mechs enhanced by the X-Factor. The LMC’s entire business model rested on the outcome of this event.
 The Vintage Festival took place at a city called Ansel. Situated far away from the bustling metropolis of Dorum, Ansel offered more established mech designers a place to do their business. It became particularly renowned for its Ansel University of Mech Design, an educational institution solely dedicated to teaching the art of mech design.
 Even though Ves studied mech design at the Rittersberg University of Technology, in truth its mech design course wasn’t all that great. The AUMD held a lot more prestige in the mech industry due to its deep connections to the local mech industry.
 A tight network of influential alumni regularly contributed to the prestigious school with lectures, tours, internships and even exclusive textbooks. Each student who graduated from Ansel’s mech design course received numerous lucrative opportunities that gave them a head-start in the industry.
 A fleet of armored shuttles escorted by several mechs on foot reached the city after several hours of travel. Many other transports heading to Ansel enjoyed protection so the fleet attracted little attention.
 Ves left his shuttle after they arrived at the local convention center. Meanwhile, Raella and Melkor stayed in their mechs and went ahead to his show booth. The organization allowed Ves a single armed guard to accompany him.
 "Looks like we made it in time." He said while carrying Lucky.
 Not a lot of people had arrived in the morning. Ansel’s distance from Dorum led to fewer visitors who decided to stop by on a whim. This insured that the majority of the visitors held some actual interest in the theme.
 The convention center consisted of a massive white-faced main hall with three different side halls spread in equal directions. The whole layout resembled a cross, with one leg bigger than the rest.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Every mech designer converged at the main hall first. Before the festival began, the managing director had some words to say. Ves entered the bright white walls illuminated both by Bentheim’s sun and some added light sources. Gleaming metallic mechs in various shapes and sizes glistened in the light, mesmerising all who entered this opened halls.
 Many of these honored lastgen mechs came from local hands. The neatly projected captions made it clear that half of their designers graduated from the AUMD. Even with the benefit of bias, Ves knew that all of the designs deserved their places of honor.
 When he reached the end of the hall, Ves joined his fellow mech designers circling a stage. All of them stood still, mesmerized by the mech elevated to the highest place of honor.
 "No way! That’s the Reckoner!" A mech designer who just entered after Ves screamed out. "How can one be here?!"
 The Reckoner was one of this generation’s famed artillery mechs. Designed and sold in the heartland sectors of the galaxy, it turned into an iconic sight in the last forty years among the second-rate states that could afford it. Many of the mech designers present in the hall had never seen one in the flesh.
 With its eight heavy spider legs and its relatively flat torso, the mech had been designed as a low-profile artillery platform. It only really possessed one single weapon, a thick, extendable howitzer that fired off massive explosive shells or railgun projectiles depending on its configuration.
 Entire cities turned to ruin after a single Reckoner unleashed its entire payload. All of this the artillery mech accomplished many kilometers away. In truth, its heavy cannons barely stayed within the limits of acceptable firepower.
 What impressed the designers here the most besides its presence here was its age. Various marks and scratch marred its faded camouflage coating. Even though Ves did not detect any substantial X-Factor, its worn-out components gave the Reckoner a special feeling of a machine that did its duty but tired of the job.
 An hour went by as mech designers kept converging around the Reckoner. It must be the most expensive mech at the festival by far. Even Ves didn’t dare to put a price on this mech. It was worth its weight in exotics as pretty much all of its components incorporated them in their construction.
 As Ves patiently waited for the manager to arrive, Ves received a distinctive ping from his comm. He looked up his device and saw one of his apps informing him that another Society member was among the crowd.
 The other member received the same notification and chose to home in on Ves. Minutes later, an elderly looking man approach Ves. "Knight Larkinson? My name is Reesc McDonnell, a Squire of the Clifford Society."
 Ves shook hands with the elderly squire with a bemused expression. He couldn’t quite get a grip on a Squire as old as Reesc. Every other Squire he encountered at Leemar only had a couple of years on him. The man sensed his confusion and smiled.
 "Don’t be so surprised. The Squires you’ve met at Leemar are mostly recent graduates that are trying to keep their options open. Those of us who come from outside Coalition space often blind themselves to the challenges of competing against actual Coalition citizens. Most of them will return to their home states after years of fruitless effort."
 Unspoken in his explanation was that Reesc had likely been one of these dreamers. After finding out that his skills barely impressed the elitist Coalition citizens, he packed up his bags and shuffled back to the Republic in order to make a living. The fact that he languished as a Squire up to when his hair turned grey meant that Reesc didn’t deserve any respect.
 "My apologies. I’m not used to seeing older Society members." Ves replied. "As you’ve said, those that gathered at Leemar still have a full life ahead of them. If I hadn’t already had plans, I might have lingered at Leemar as well."
 They chatted a bit about their mech careers. Like Ves, Reesc entered a competition held by Leemar and managed to reach a notable rank. However, his foundation didn’t amount to much, and he only reached the top 500 by sheer luck. Even after he gained access to the Star Library, Reesc never got to read a lot of books.
 "Merits are simply too hard to come by!" The old man lamented. "I don’t have anything to trade, so the only way I got them is by doing these tedious long-term missions. Even then, they only pay a handful of merits after you slave away for years. It’s completely impossible to earn enough merits this way!"
 While he agreed with Reesc’s complaints, Ves pointed out an alternative. "Haven’t you considered taking one of the riskier missions? They pay quite well for a couple of months of work."
 "Absolutely not! The pay is better, but the conditions are awful! Mech designers like us belong behind a desk, not at some hostile alien planet while shells are raining down above our heads! Leave the battlefield work to the people who signed up to fight!"
 As Reesc chatted on about his lack of opportunities, Ves increasingly came to dislike the stodgy Squire. The elderly mech designer had a golden opportunity to develop his skills and knowledge through trading merits for access to textbooks, and what did Reesc do? He squandered decades of his life performing the safest and most unrewarding missions imaginable!
 Ves finally welcomed the arrival of the managing director. Everyone hushed their conversation and even Reesc had to shut his mouth. Everyone stared beneath the legs of the Reckoner as a small platform lifted upwards from below.
 A much more distinguished gentleman appeared on stage. The man looked at the hundreds of mech designers gathered here today and nodded in satisfaction.
 "It pleases me to see so many of you take part in my festival." The director began. "The last generation of mechs may slowly be forgotten, but our memories of this remarkable period will live on. Our job is to remind the public that the last generation will never be consigned to the archives!"
 Everyone cheered in unison at those words, though Ves doubted everyone present here agreed with the director. He had the feeling that at least half of the mech designers had no other choice but to attend in order to make some last bit of money out of their aging production licenses.
 The director went on to explain some practical matters after his opening. The organizers held different events each day in the main hall. For the most part, only Journeyman Mech Designers qualified to participate in the main exhibitions, so Ves tuned out the speech. He was mostly here to sell mechs instead of trying to gain prestige.
 Once the director reached the end of his speech, the mech designers dispersed. The main hall became open to the general public, where the managing director officially marked the opening of the festival.
 "I don’t need to be here."
 Like Ves, many of the Apprentices decided not to linger and headed to their booths in the side halls. As he walked to his booth, he glanced at the show models along the way.
 Most of them appeared familiar to Ves. While he couldn’t name their exact models, the Apprentices mostly licenced the same designs. All of them were prevalent in Republic space.
 As with previous years, the quality of the show models left something to be desired. The harsh reality of setting up a business among thousands of competitors left many mech designers at the brink of their finances. A significant amount of show models consisted of bottom-tier frontline mechs. Some even sold for as low as five million credits!
 Ves thanked his lucky stars that he ended up with a better start when his father gifted him the System.
 Once Ves arrived at his booth, he beheld his three show models. The Mark II Eternal Edition, the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition and the Marcus Aurelius all displayed their full glory with pride. The similarity between the three models betrayed their common origin, but the distinctive traits that Ves imparted in them allowed them to develop their own distinctive look.
 "Wow! Who made these models?"
 "Who would be so extravagant to license a comech?! Do you know how much it costs to fabricate a single of these machines?!"
 "Whoever’s bored enough to work with the Caesar Augustus design must be a moneybags or something!"
 A dozen mech designers who occupied the booths next to the one reserved by Ves had gathered over. Compared the Caesar Augustus and its illustrious variants, their cheap mechs looked like ugly ducklings before a swan. Some of the designers grew jealous, hence the mildly snide remarks.
 "Make way please! This is my booth!"
 When Ves appeared behind their midst, the mech designers turned around. More than half of them became astonished at his age, while the rest figured that he was some sort of scion of a rich and powerful family. No matter their thoughts, they all smothered their words and politely parted aside.
 "It’s a pleasure to meet you! Where did you get your production licenses? Did you pay them on your own?"
 "Are you interested in collaborating with us on a joint project? We’ll give you the majority share!"
 Ves mostly ignored the solicitations from his colleagues. At his level, he stopped taking notice of these low-tier designers. Even if they reached the Apprentice level through their talents or connections, they obviously didn’t have much of a future like Reesc.
 He turned around and regarded the crowd with a forceful expression. "Please disperse! You’re blocking the way for my customers! The festival is just about to start, so you’ll have plenty of time to admire my designs!"
 A couple of designers found fault with his attitude.
 "Who are you to tell us what to do?!"
 "I’m older than you! When you were still in diapers, I’ve already graduated with a degree in mech design!"
 Ves didn’t fall for their trap. He stared at them wordlessly while holding a glowering Lucky. His dour face and his lack of response gave his fellow colleagues no opportunities to seek some benefits from him. They eventually walked away with bitter expressions.
 After he put down Lucky to let his pet stroll about, Ves approach Antje who supervised the placement of the final props. Various projectors, posters, simulator pods and other gadgets occupied his spacious booth, all of which enhanced the shopping experience.
 "Don’t you think you brought too much stuff?" Ves asked with worry. In his eyes, all of these devices attracted attention away from his model.
 Antje shook her head. "Your show models don’t seem to have any difficulties attracting attention. You should worry more about catching the attention of your potential customers from admiring your designs."
 Marcella’s protege sounded a lot more optimistic than before. "Do you think they’ll really catch on with the crowd?"
 "I can guarantee you they will. Compared to the mechs of your neighbors, yours are the only decent ones in range. The contrast will heighten the appeal of your products."
 Her words certainly rang true. Ves couldn’t help but let out a smile as he looked forward to meeting his first customers.
 The traffic started pouring in after an hour into the festival. Most of the early visitors consisted of average people who wanted to avoid the crowded main hall. The opening ceremony started off with a bang. If not for the main hall’s excellent isolation, the side halls would have been inundated with music and cheers.
 Ves got a notion of how well his show models attracted attention when he noticed a lot of foot traffic heading in his direction. Only around ten percent of the show models in the hall consisted of premium mechs.
 The Caesar Augustus drew the most attention, but the Marcus Aurelius also held a certain appeal. A loose variety of visitors arrived at his booth to gawk at the expensive models up close.
 "They’re just like the masterwork models at the show halls!"
 "What is this design? The Caesar Augustus?"
 "Oh. Let’s go then. I heard the Augustus was a flop."
 "Are you kidding? You’re blind if you call this mech a flop! Just look at the detail of this machine!"
 Ves couldn’t tell if the X-Factor or the rarity of his show models had a bigger influence on the crowd. Whatever the case, more than two dozen people of varying walks of life quickly congregated around his booth.
 To his regret, none of them looked like potential customers. They ranged from couples hauling along their kids to career mech pilots on leave. Their clothing and lack of escorts made it clear that they didn’t have the credits to spend on something as extravagant as a mech.
 Even if they didn’t spend a single credit on his products, Ves didn’t care too much. The day had only started and peak time came later.
 The constant number of people lingering at his booth attracted the attention others who wanted to see what the fuss was about. His models gained a steady amount of exposure.
 The kids and the adults who grew up during the golden period of the last generation worshipped his spin on the Caesar Augustus. The Eternal Edition’s glorious aura infected their minds with fanciful delusions where they imagined playing the hero.
 The Marcus Aurelius on the other hand appealed to the older crowd. Compared to the bright and vivid Caesar Augustus, the sage-like mech exuded an aura of peaceful timelessness. That turned off those who craved constant action, but it put the elderly folk at peace as they thought about the legacies they left behind.
 Only the Mark II Eternal Edition proved to be a disappointment. Its aggressive aura paled in comparison to glory exuded by the Caesar Augustus, while its inferior quality and cost condemned it to the role of a sidekick.
 While Ves found it unfair for his cheapest model, he still hoped for a change in fortune. Once the people with money arrived, its price tag should warrant the forgotten mech second look.
 The only unexpected surprise he encountered had to do with his virtual mechs. The recent promotion of his DarkSpear also had a knock-on effect on the recognition of his other designs.
 "Will you be selling a dagger assassin like the one you designed for Jarle?" A young man asked.
 "Jarle’s custom mech is an exclusive design. He won’t be happy if I make more copies available." Ves patiently explained. "Besides, I made a lot of expert tweaks on its design that make it exceedingly difficult to pilot for the average player. Only a top pilot with lightning-fast reaction speeds can get a grip on its controls."
 The man and a few other fans looked disappointed at his answer, but Ves had no choice. He signed a contract with Jarle that stipulated that his mech should be the only virtual copy of its design.
 Frankly, Ves got a little bored of the mundane questions. Very few festival goers showed any serious interest in purchasing his models.
 Occasionally some other mech designers visited his booth. Their jealousy flared up when they watched the steadily growing numbers crowding at his booth. The organizers even stationed a couple of extra guards in the area to keep them well-behaved.
 Sometimes they tried to argue with Ves about his design choices.
 One skinny designer took stock with one of his designs and made his objections loud and clear. "Hey! You made a mistake with this mech! The arms are protruding forward too much! Don’t you know how to balance a mech?"
 Ves grew a little angry at the ignorant remark. When he turned around to reply, Antje quickly held his arm.
 "Don’t argue with trolls. You’ll only feed them. You’ll never be able to win a debate against someone who is set out to make trouble in public."
 The reminder cooled his head, allowing him to regain his rationality. Antje had a point. He had everything to lose and nothing to gain by arguing in public. Still, his pride as a mech designer made it difficult to ignore the blow.
 Antje whispered something on her comm. "Look. Security is already handling the issue. They won’t allow the festival to be spoiled by ignorant loudmouths."
 A couple of security guards took hold of the designer and quickly hauled him away.
 "Hey! Unhand me you muscle heads! I’m a highly successful mech designer! My mechs are up ahead! You can’t throw me out!"
 The mech designer threw up so much commotion that the guards injected him with a sedative. That quickly shut him up. Ves and a couple of others shook their heads at the pathetic sight.
 "I remember seeing his show models." One of the visitors remarked. "They hardly amount to anything. I can’t imagine anyone willing to buy those heaps of junk."
 "Maybe that’s why he lashed out. His designs are crap so he wishes that every other design is crap."
 Sadly, other designers kept the unwanted critique going. With hardly any activity at their own booths, they strolled around the halls and let out their frustration at the first decent mechs they encountered. As Ves offered some of the best mechs among the Apprentices, he became a frequent target for snide remarks and discouraging advice.
 Only the fact that they maintained a cordial tone prevented security from dragging them out of earshot. Their remarks even had a conspiratorial tone to them as many visitors lacked the technical background to understand the truth of their words.
 Many issues in mech design involved complex interconnected design choices. If Ves changed one tiny aspect, then he had to make adjustments to ten different sections of his designs. Sometimes, what appeared to be the most optimal solution turned out to be a trap.
 The most important goal that mech designers had to keep in mind was to complete a practical design. Often times, that meant that the designers had to dial back their ambitions in order to ensure their design remained functionally balanced. Pursuing peak performance in one area often came at a ruinous cost in another area.
 These subtleties became lost once you engaged in an argument about specific design choices. The perception of the crowd turned ambivalent once they heard remarks like ’the arms are too protruded’ or ’the limbs are too stiff for long-term battlefield deployments’.
 Ves tried to be the better man and decided to close his ears to the noise. Despite the efforts of his fellow mech designers, his show models exhibited enough attraction that they constantly drew more visitors.
 He even got to meet his first potential customer. The woman looked like a bureaucrat delegated to do some errands for his boss. While she threw an admiring glance towards the Caesar Augustus, its ludicrous price tag almost frightened her to the bones. She quickly diverted her eyes towards the more modest Mark II.
 Antje introduced its features. "The Marc Antony Mark II is a major revision from the Mark II, and is currently deployed by mercenaries and companies around the Republic. The Eternal Edition of the Mark II features several enhancements that make it suitable as a display model. The Mark II Eternal Edition is an ideal design to inspire your company and intimidate your competitors."
 "That sounds great, but this mech line lacks compressed armor." The businesswoman retorted. "At the price you’re charging for this mech, I might as well procure a comech."
 "That’s your decision to make, but you’ll be better off if you procure the Mark II. Display mechs aren’t meant to be deployed in battle. The quality of the armor hardly matters if its role is to impress the people who are working or visiting your headquarters. Just look at the frame and forget about its specs. Feel how it calls out to you. Can you feel your blood pumping faster?"
 The businesswoman wavered a bit. "Now that you mention it, this mech does seem to have a motivating effect."
 In the Age of Mechs, humanity worshipped mechs to a degree that elevated them beyond the battlefield. An informal custom emerged where certain companies put mechs in front of their headquarters and important offices to show off their wealth.
 The practice caught on, and more companies started putting up display models for various reasons.
 For example, an aggressive skirmisher mech encouraged a company’s employees to be proactive and to take more risks.
 A mobile rifleman mech encouraged employees to be more flexible in their approach and to head off potential dangers in advance.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 A heavy knight proclaimed the company to be an enduring fixture in the market. No matter what its competitors threw at them, they remained unassailable.
 All of this sounded like hyperbole, but many academic studies have proven that the custom did indeed bring about a subtle psychological effect. The difference often amounted to a couple of percentage points, but for some large companies that quickly added up to a few billion credits.
 Many businessmen still doubt the actual truth of the matter. Only a small minority of companies actually engaged in this custom. The rest considered the practice to be wasteful and needlessly indulgent. ’Toys for boys’ they thought derisively.
 Unfortunately for Ves, Antje didn’t manage to make a sale this time. The businesswoman shook her head after she spent a couple of minutes taking in the Mark II’s aura.
 "I’ll have to decline your offer. Your mech doesn’t possess the traits my superior is looking for in a display model." She turned to the nearby Caesar Augustus. "Your other models look more suitable, but the price..."
 The Marcus Aurelius would be auctioned in the evening while the Caesar Augustus sold for 80 million credits. Either mechs had been priced out of reach of nearly every company in the Republic.
 Even though his first potential customer shied away, a couple of other serious buyers expressed their interest. Ves mainly stood by and let his salespersons do the talking. All of them worked for Marcella, so they possessed ample competence in this area.
 Ves only intervened when the more technical-minded buyers started asking complicated questions.
 Despite the increasing number of potential buyers drawn to his booth, his salespeople didn’t manage to close a deal. The number one objection raised by these people was that Ves charged way too much for his mechs. His price levels did not conform to the market where people expected a mech that offered a certain level of performance to charge only so much money.
 For example, the Mark II Eternal Edition delivered almost the same performance as the vanilla Mark II. However, their prices differed substantially. The Eternal Edition sold for 40 million credits while the regular Mark II sold for only 28 million credits.
 Many potential buyers couldn’t accept this 12 million credits premium!
 As the afternoon rolled on, his booth still didn’t manage to make a sale. Even as the crowd around his booth grew to more than a hundred, the buyers among them all kept their wallets closed.
 Even Antje started showing her concern. She pulled Ves to the side. "I think we’ve misjudged the market demand for your mechs. You’ve succeeded in drawing a lot of interest, but that doesn’t matter if you can’t convert any of that interest into actual sales. I think we should adjust our price levels."
 "It’s too soon to lower our prices. There’s still half a day to go before the first day is over."
 "You don’t realize how important it is to deliver a strong performance on the opening day." Antje shook her head. "The organizers keep track of every mech designer’s sales record and publicise the list in front of the halls for everyone to see. If you end up in the bottom of the list, you’ll discourage other buyers from taking you seriously."
 Ves forgot about that detail. He showed some actual worry this time. "I understand the severity of the situation, but I’m not willing to budge on my prices. At least wait until the evening. If we haven’t sold anything by that time, I’ll reconsider the matter."
 Even if others thought he behaved excessively greedy, his products earned the premium he charged. His potential buyers might be discouraged for now, but once they strolled around the convention center, they might change their minds.
 Setting the right price mattered a lot in the mech industry. The MTA maintained a public record on every certified mech sold by a mech designer. Potential customers often looked up his recent record to get an estimate on the value of his products.
 The initial price often set the standard.
 Consider coming up with a mundane product like a pair of shoes. These days, modern manufacturing techniques have turned these articles of footwear into a cheap commodity that could be bought for rock-bottom prices. Some of the more affluent consumers even fabricate their own if they own a household 3D printer.
 Most shoe manufacturers saw little future in trying to compete on price and volume. Instead, they went into the opposite direction, coming up with something fancy by employing famous fashion designers and incorporating trace exotics in their products.
 All of that cost a lot of money, so the shoe manufacturers charged a higher premium for their fancy shoes. Sometimes they charged fifty times the unit cost of a single pair of shoes.
 It sounded like a scam, right? Yet many shoe manufacturers sold out their most exclusive and expensive products the moment they released them on the market. They painstakingly built up a brand for excellence that consumers trusted.
 Put in a cynical way, a strong brand effectively brainwashed the market. Consumers believed that the high prices the manufacturers adopted represented genuine value.
 Sometimes, this even turned into a self-fulfilling prophecy. As brands grew in recognition and value, people who owned them earned more social recognition. Clothes made the man and woman.
 Every company in pretty much every sector aimed to built up a brand like this. Unfortunately for Ves, the Living Mech Company hadn’t reached this level yet. It barely got off the starting line.
 To charge a twelve million credit premium for the Mark II Eternal Edition could be considered arrogant and premature. Neither his company nor his design achieved a strong enough brand to let him get away with such an outrageous price hike.
 At least according to conventional wisdom.
 "Then again, nothing what I do adheres to conventional wisdom." Ves said to himself.
 Ves faced two main hindrances to getting his audience accept his higher prices.
 First, he barely started operating a year ago, and the LMC only came into existence a couple of months ago.
 While he built up his company’s brand on Cloudy Curtain, extending it to the vast and limitless Bentheim market required an even greater investment than before. Throwing a couple of billion credits on ad campaigns would barely be able to bump his company’s profile from zero percent to one percent awareness.
 Second, the true value of his products lay in the X-Factor, which had a definite effect on people but could not be measured directly. In addition, since Ves wished to keep his knowledge of the X-Factor a trade secret, he couldn’t even direct the audience to take note of its effects.
 Buyers had to trust in their gut feeling to appreciate his mechs enough to fork over the extra premium.
 Yet they weren’t always stupid.
 The more credits at stake, the more they started thinking with their brains instead of their guts. When they looked at the Mark II Eternal Edition and inspected its specs, they would know that its performance simply didn’t match its price.
 If there was one thing consumers hated, it was being made aware that they were overcharging for a product. A strong brand blinded consumers to this occurrence, but Ves didn’t enjoy such a luxury at the moment.
 A purchase should feel good. Ves hoped that anyone who decided to buy his mechs felt happy that they went for his designs. He’d leave a bad taste in their mouths if he appeared to be overcharging his products. This explained his current lack of sales.
 As visitors kept pouring into the convention center, Ves still hadn’t made a sale. The few potential buyers among the crowd soundly rejected his greedy prices and turned elsewhere to satisfy their cravings.
 Even his neighboring booths sold a couple of mechs. Ves didn’t think much of the mundane-looking mechs neighboring his booth, but their mech designers joyfully appealed to the crowd milling in front of his show models.
 The prices of their mechs ranged from ten to twenty million credits. From what Ves could see, the desperate mech designers didn’t even charge much of a premium for their mechs. They’d barely make more than half-a-million credits after deducting their production costs and license fees.
 Still, as poor as they behaved, at least they made some progress. Ves on the other hand sat with empty hands while the first day of the festival already progressed halfway.
 "It comes down to feeling." Ves realized after musing about this point. "There’s got to be a way to make the feeling more poignant."
 He turned his head to the nearby simulator pods. Marcella’s organization brought ten pods to his booth to allow the guests to try out the virtual versions of his show models.
 They loosely set a limit of ten minutes per guest so that every potentate got a turn. Even then, around fifty eager guests waited in line.
 Ves noted that everyone who wanted to try out a simulation consisted of average festival goers. While that helped leave a good impression behind, the mass of people blocked his potential customers from accessing the pods quickly.
 Ves immediately turned to Antje. "I think it’s best to encourage our potential customers to try out the simulators. Let’s cut back on access to the pods to the general public."
 "Hm. Good idea. While not everyone who expresses interest in our mechs is a potentate, there are enough that it’s worthwhile so set some pods aside."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The sales manager immediately went to work. She set three pods aside and instructed the sales representatives to encourage their use by anyone expressing interest in the mechs.
 Half an hour went by as the new policy went into effect. Ves sat back and watched as the potential customers got an opportunity to experience the mechs up close. Their attitudes of his products changed once they got a taste of piloting the mechs.
 While the experience paled in comparison to entering the actual cockpits, the rules forbid the practice out of safety concerns.
 "I still need an extra oomph to get across the idea that my mechs are different."
 He looked at his models and compared them to the simulated footage displayed by the various projectors at his booth. The projected mechs looked a lot more vivid due to their motion and something else that Ves had overlooked.
 "The Festive Cloud Generators are inactive."
 Ves declined to add the generator to his lightly modified Caesar Augustus, he did add them to his variants. The Mark II Eternal Edition featured a striking red vertical head crest while the Marcus Aurelius as a rolling purple cape. When both modules turned active, it made the mech seem larger than life.
 However, the organizers strictly prohibited the activation of any show models. Even turning on the lights posed too much of a risk. Still, Ves wanted to try and see if he could get an exemption on this rule.
 He summoned up the hall manager. A round-bellied man with a moustache showed up. He dressed in a weirdly formal costume that emphasized the girth of his belly. In an age where various weight-reducing treatments existed, being fat was more of a fashion statement than a sign of obesity.
 "What a wonderful trio of mechs!" The hall manager exclaimed as he arrived at his booth. A couple of security officers had to shove the crowd aside to allow his portly body to get close. "I love what you did to the Caesar Augustus! It’s one of the best I’ve ever seen! You could apply for a masterwork certificate from the MTA with this beauty!"
 Ves awkwardly laughed. "I’m still too junior to think about such a thing."
 Mechs had to meet a lot of strict criteria before they became eligible for a masterwork certificate. Generally, only Senior and Master Mech Designers possessed the skills to reach this standard.
 "Then what seems to be the problem?"
 "I’m looking to turn on a function of two of my show models." Ves replied and guided him to a projection that showed the Mark II Eternal Edition and the Marcus Aurelius in action. "The Festive Cloud Generator injects minute particles into harmless water vapor to achieve these visual effects."
 "I do admit the mechs look dazzling when the so-called cloud generators are active, but the potential risks are numerous. The main reason why we don’t allow mechs to run any systems is because their reactors have to come online. Even at their lowest operating level, they generate a significant amount of heat and energy. If anything goes wrong with these reactors, the consequences could be catastrophic to the nearby crowd."
 The hall manager gestured to the pressing mass of people who became enchanted by his mechs. From a public safety standpoint, the man had a point. From a technical standpoint, the chance the reactors malfunctioned and exploded was virtually nil.
 "These are brand-new mechs that have gone through certification. The MTA insured they’re safe. What’s the harm in turning on a couple of vapor generators? Think of how much better my mechs will look like. The festival will be better off if the crowd can see my mechs at their best."
 His arguments slowly persuaded the hall manager to the merits of letting his mechs appear at their best.
 Ves figured out that the shrewd man in charge of this side hall competed against the managers of the other halls to attract the most visitors. The manager never told him this directly, but his responses hinted at this dynamic at work. The more he talked, the more he honed in on these benefits.
 "My mechs are already one the biggest draws in this hall. I know you have reservations for turning on those cheaply-built mechs, but my products are different. I didn’t cut any corners when I designed and fabricated these mechs. I can truly guarantee you that nothing will go wrong if I’m allowed to turn on the generators."
 It took five more minutes to squeeze an exemption out of the reluctant manager. At the end, Ves had the feeling he was merely providing an excuse for something the manager actually wanted at the beginning. His training and instructions prevented him from complying right away, but talk long enough and even the steel-hearted started to waver.
 When Ves quickly entered the cockpits and turned them online at their lowest level, the entire crowd held their breath. Since he received an exemption to run his mechs at their lowest activity level, he sneakily bent the rules and turned a few more lights on as well.
 The difference became apparent right away. A low murmur of appreciation ran through the crowd as the two models underwent a transformation.
 The exclusive Marcus Aurelius especially appeared dramatic. Its rolling purple cape reinforced the regal quality to his eternal mech. While it always became a hit with the older folk, even the kids and teenagers started to admire the sage-like model.
 As the only two mechs that received permission to come online, the spectacle instantly doubled the crowd. Ves didn’t care about that but instead directed his attention to an affluent visitor who just exited a simulator pod.
 When the man entered the pod, the mechs still remained dormant. Only when he got to enjoy the simulations for ten short minutes did he emerge with an entirely new view. His gaze admired the aggressive contours of the Mark II and the ethereal ambiance radiated by the Marcus Aurelius.
 He turned his attention back to the Mark II after a while. It appeared his budget only allowed him to consider the cheapest offering. Even if Ves planned to auction the Marcus Aurelius, its high production cost ensured that it would not come cheap.
 Eventually, the potential customer made a choice. He caught the attention of a sales representative. "I’d like to purchase a copy of this design."
 Ves smiled when he heard those words. If everything went right, he just made his first sale.
 "This is just the start."
 The first buyer turned out to be a sentimentalist. He wanted to purchase the Mark II Eternal Edition for himself and not for any business purposes. Evidently, he had a lot of money to spare.
 Ves had the feeling the man earned his money through less than legal means. His name turned up very few records and the details he provided about himself hardly illuminated his life.
 No matter what, a sale was a sale and the man possessed enough legal standing to sign a contract.
 The first sale opened the floodgates. After a couple of more potential buyers tried the mechs first-hand in a virtual environment, they became sold to the idea of owning the mech.
 Their backgrounds ranged from retired mercenary commanders to well-off business owners. Ves soon reached his daily quota of ten Mark II’s sold in the next couple of hours.
 Once the quota had been met, most potential customers that came afterwards expressed regret for arriving too late. Many of them had visited his booth earlier and mentally dismissed his designs as overpriced, but once they heard how his Mark II caught fire they came back too late.
 Antje smiled with satisfaction at the sight. "Herd mentality is at work now. Your Mark II Eternal Edition has turned into a must-own design. If nothing goes wrong, most of these latecomers will be back tomorrow."
 "Hopefully they’ll still be in a rush after a good night’s sleep. I’d hate to see them lose their drive to purchase my mechs after they had some time to reflect." Ves remarked. "Herd mentality only works as long as there’s momentum propelling them forward."
 Ten Marc Antony Mark II Eternal Edition mechs represented around 400 million credits in value! If Ves sold out for the next three days, he’d make over 1.2 billion credits in revenue alone! After deducting all of his expenses, he’d still end up with roughly a third of that incredible sum, enough to fill up his current shortfall.
 "It will be better if my Caesar Augustus start getting sold as well."
 Many potential customers still shied away from the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition. Its intimidating price tag of 80 million credits sounded a bit too ludicrous even for enthusiasts. The ability to make a direct comparison between the Eternal Edition and the original model hurt a lot. They could get an original Caesar Augustus for well under 60 million credits, after all!
 Maybe Ves had been a little bit too greedy for charging a 20 million credit premium on an intangible benefit. If nobody pointed out the design’s excellent X-Factor, how could his potential customers not feel scammed if they decided to purchase a model?
 At least the Mark II benefited from not having a direct comparison. While unmech variants of the Caesar Augustus existed, their specs different substantially from each other. The Mark II also acquitted itself well if someone compared its specs to those other variants that lacked compressed armor.
 Once the first day of the festival transitioned to the evening, the events in the main hall started amping up. While many visitors left the side halls to join the festivities, many more guests arrived from elsewhere who found the press of the crowd intimidating. The side halls received plenty of fresh faces, and the number of people who congregated around his booth never diminished.
 Every sales representative focused on pushing the Caesar Augustus. Despite setting a daily quota of three mechs, the fish simply refused to take the bait. Ves began to grow more concerned. His happiness for selling out the Mark II aside, he’d miss out on a lot of lost opportunities if his more expensive product line did poorly.
 After a while, Antje came back to him after getting a pulse of his well-heeled crowd.
 "There are still people who are eying the Caesar Augustus." She began. "Yet they’re holding back due to their price. Their willingness to buy is pretty high, but not high enough to justify 80 million credits. Worse, they know that others are holding the same doubts. I think they’ve reached a tacit agreement to wait out your resolve."
 "What does that mean?" Ves frowned. "Are they sure that no one will snap up my mech at my asking price?"
 "That’s exactly right. The seasoned collectors among them are familiar with this game. When they think a seller is demanding too much, they discourage everyone from making the first step. This forces the seller to lower prices. It’s an open conspiracy."
 Essentially, the two sides waited out each other’s patience. The first side to give in lost the advantage. While Ves found the issue rather thorny, at least the willingness to buy his centerpiece model exist.
 He worked his brain over the problem. "All we need to break their game is to force out a single sale. Once the first quota is sold, the second and third will be snapped up instantly."
 "Again, the first step is the hardest. We don’t have any other means to compel a sale."
 Props and visual spectacles helped set the mood, but Ves had exhausted his options. The hall manager didn’t allow him to turn on the Caesar Augustus because it didn’t feature a Festive Cloud Generator. The striking looks of the Marc Antony and the Marcus Aurelius with their constant emission of colored vapor made the Caesar Augustus look plain.
 "It will help if we turn off the two other mechs."
 Antje shook her head. "We’ll cut off all the buzz we generated so far. We can’t stop midway. Besides, you still plan to auction the Marcus Aurelius, right? We have to do it when it appears at its best."
 That gave Ves an idea. "The schedule called for auctioning the Marcus Aurelius in the late evening, but why not do it now? I think we can work up a buying fever if we auction the Marcus Aurelius. Those who didn’t manage to get their hands on my exclusive variant can set their sights on the Caesar Augustus instead."
 "That’s a great idea, but there are a lot of risks involved if we auction your exclusive mech too early." The sales manager warned. "The lack of buying fever among your more expensive models may lead to an anemic bidding procedure. To my judgement, it’s still too soon."
 Something had to change. Either Ves decided to hold the auction now, or wait out the patience of his buyers. He preferred to take action immediately.
 "Hold the auction now. Don’t worry too much about the risks. I’m sure that there are people here who have been eying the Marcus Aurelius. It’s a unique variant and only four of them will ever exist."
 They held an informal auction in an hour, leaving enough time for those who kept their eye on his mech to return to his booth. Antje took care of the arrangements and made some space in front of his booth.
 She also employed a specialized auction software that tracked all of the bids. Eligible bidders merely had to speak out to register their bids, which would be displayed in the open by the largest projector they possessed.
 If anyone wanted to stay anonymous for some reason, they could also input their bids into their comms. As long as they verified their identities and proved they had enough money, the bidders had the option to hide their names and affiliations.
 As the skies darkened outside Ansel, the auction finally went underway. Ves tried to hype up the crowd by taking the stage and explaining what he did to the Marcus Aurelius. He devoted his speech on both its technical aspects and its vision.
 "This is more than a Caesar Augustus with a cape. This is a symbol!" Ves proclaimed as he gestured his hands towards his newest variant. "Imagine putting it in front of your headquarters or your collection hall. Who would diminish you when you own the king of mechs? Best of all, the model is extremely enduring and will last for hundreds of years with proper maintenance. Even as it ages, its essential quality will remain!"
 Ves expected that anyone who bought this mech would never deploy it in battle, so he emphasized its brilliance as a display model. Once he finished his speech, he left the stage for Antje who finally started the auction.
 "The price starts at zero credits! Please bid in increments of 100,000 bright credits. No other currencies or bartering will be accepted. Who wants to make the first bid?"
 "I do!" A random mercenary laughed. "I’ll take it for 100,000 credits!"
 "200,000!"
 "500,000!"
 "3 million credits!"
 "10 million!"
 "10.1 million!"
 "10.2 million!"
 "10.3 million!"
 "10.4 million!"
 "You pussies! We’ll be stuck here for the entire night if you two go on like that! 30 million credits!"
 "I can say the same for you! Do you really think this eye candy is worth 30 million? I bid 45 million credits!"
 A low murmur ran through the crowd as they heard that sum. 45 million credits was considered the floor price for a Caesar Augustus.
 Now that the opportunistic low-ball offers stopped, the pace of the bidding reached a calmer stage. It took a few seconds for a new bid to follow-up on the old one. The bidders each looked at each other as if trying to figure out if they reached their limit.
 The mass of people who gathered to join the fun made it difficult to figure out who still wanted to bid. Ves himself estimated the auction started with over a hundred bidders, but now that the price surpassed bargain bin territory, only around twenty serious bidders still remained.
 "55 million credits."
 "56 million credits."
 "60 million credits."
 "61 million credits!"
 The auction further slowed down after reaching the magical figure of 60 million credits. For the same sum, the bidders could order an original Caesar Augustus fabricated by National Aeromotives themselves. Any bid that surpassed this sum meant that the bidder placed a lot of value on what Ves had contributed to the original design.
 "63 million credits."
 "63.5 million credits."
 "64 million credits."
 "64.5 million credits."
 The remaining bidders began to grow reluctant. Some stayed patient and refrained from speaking out, while others started making bids anonymously.
 "An anonymous bidder just put up 67 million credits!" Antje announced as the projection shifted. "Come on, is that all? Will you allow this precious mech to get away from your grasp?"
 "Enough!" A powerful voice boomed. A man in military uniform stood up and silenced the tentative bidders in an instant. "I bid 80 million credits!"
 Another commotion ran through the watching crowd. They never imagined a single mech in this festival could reach such a value. Even more remarkable was that the bidder came from the Mech Corps. People guessed whether he made his bid on behalf of a senior officer or a division.
 Even Ves found the presence of the soldier to be puzzling. Did someone in the Mech Corps decide to do him a favor? He couldn’t imagine any other reason why they wanted to get their hands on an outdated mech.
 "Favor or not, at least a mental barrier is broken now."
 With this bid, the Marcus Aurelius matched the asking price for the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition. Any further bids represented a strong desire to own its first copy.
 "81 million."
 85 million."
 "85.1 million."
 "86 million."
 Only four bidders remained at this stage. The military officer competed against what looked like a collector, a CEO and an anonymous bidder. It all came down to nerve and the size of their wallets at this point.
 "88 million."
 "90 million."
 "90.1 million."
 "90.2 million."
 "90.5 million."
 "90.6 million."
 For some reason, the final bid stalled at this amount. Antje waited for a dozen seconds, but the crowd remained as still as a graveyard. Eventually, she had to move the auction along.
 "Alright folks, the current bid stands at 90.6 million credits. Going once..."
 Not even a peep emerged from the frozen audience.
 "Going twice..."
 Just when Ves thought the limit had been reached, the man that looked like a CEO lost his patience. "110 million! This is my final offer!"
 The vast sum came as a shock. Even Ves hadn’t imagined such a massive bump in bids. While everyone blinked at the astonishing figure, Antje hurried the closing moments of the auction along.
 "Going once, going twice..."
 Ves thought Antje must be deliberately inducing haste to prompt the other hesitant bidders into action. Whatever her intentions, her gamble failed as no one showed any willingness to put up a higher bid.
 "...Sold!"
 The crowd erupted in hysterics as the Marcus Aurelius had been successfully nabbed by the businessman. The other bidders in contention had to throw in the towel when faced with such extravagance.
 Ves didn’t know whether the winner had been smart or foolish for raising the bar by an extra twenty million credits. Perhaps he thought that raising the sum by ten million credits provided too little shock.
 The news traveled throughout the halls. More people started pouring in from elsewhere in order to catch a glimpse of a mech worth 110 million credits. While the main hall showed off many mechs that sold for more, it was still a milestone for the side halls.
 As for the losers of the auction, they quietly approached his sales representatives and bought his stalled Caesar Augustus. Ves instantly achieved his daily quota of selling three of them a day. His face practically lit up in smiles when he heard the news.
 Chapter 228: Hype 
 Ves remained in a jubilant mood throughout the night. Despite the shaky start, his customers finally bit the bullet and submitted an order for his mechs. While they merely represented a reservation of sorts that could be cancelled at any time, Ves didn't worry too much as long as he delivered the mechs quickly.
 The most astonishing event that happened that day was when the Marcus Aurelius sold for 110 million credits at an auction. In the Bright Republic, any mech that sold for over 100 million credits had to possess something special. Usually, only expert pilots and other elites piloted such mechs.
 What made this case special was that the Marcus Aurelius reached this standard by virtue of its rarity and its so-called 'intangible value'. That was a polite way of saying that many people thought the winner of the auction grossly overspent on a mech that should ordinarily be worth 60 million credits at most.
 One local news portal published a critical article about the auction.
 "Through theatrics and guile, Mr. Larkinson succeeded in pulling the wool over the eyes of his audience. With the Vintage Festival's hall manager complicit in his scams, this money-grubbing mech designer manipulated his buyers into spending twice the amount of money that they ought to. We are dearly concerned with the Vintage Festival's integrity for hosting Mr. Larkinson and granting him additional favors that honest mech designers could only dream about."
 On the other hand, many other news portal put a positive spin on the events.
 "Have you heard of the Living Mech Corporation? If you're shaking your head, you're not alone! Founded by the scion of the Larkinsons, a military dynasty, the company made a splash in Ansel yesterday by selling and auctioning their limited edition mechs at sky high prices. Our resident mech analyst predicts that Mr. Larkinson has achieved a profit margin of a hundred percent, which sits at the top range for mech designers at his level!"
 "It is a mystery why the Marcus Aurelius reached a value of 110 million credits. Mr Brandstein, CEO and chairman of the Brandstein Asset Management, is known as a shrewd investor and has never made any catastrophic bets. What did Mr. Brandstein see in the mysterious Marcus Aurelius that made him want this exclusive model at all costs? No matter his intentions, his august patronage has lent some sorely needed credibility to Mr. Larkinson's mech startup."
 Ves shook his head as he browsed the articles the next morning. The reporters spun grand tales out of very little facts. Their articles mainly contained speculation and opinions that served to accommodate the existing biases of their target audience.
 "Any publicity is good publicity." Antje told him as she ate her breakfast at the hotel they stayed at. "While these news portals don't reach very far, they are strongly rooted in Bentheim. They key to building up a brand in Bentheim is to lay down a distinctive track record. Stand out. Make a splash. Whatever you do, don't settle for mediocrity."
 In other words, even if Ves screwed up, as long as he did so in a spectacular manner, he'd still be able to increase his name recognition. The amount of competitors in the Bentheim market reached such a ridiculous level that many average mech designers who designed normal, practical mechs never achieved success because nobody had heard of them and their boring designs.
 It was easy to get lost in the crowd.
 Once they arrived at his booth, they faced a difficult situation. Numerous buyers congregated around his sales representatives asking to purchase the Mark II and the Caesar Augustus. Normally, that would make Ves happy, but this time the number of buyers exceeded his daily quota.
 "It's very important to handle this situation with care." Antje warned as she read through the waiting list of customers. "There are a lot of influential people on this list. How do you wish to proceed?"
 Even though the situation looked great, the wrong decision could tip over the favorable balance that they managed to create.
 Ves considered his options. "We could institute a first come first serve policy. Those who spent the effort on getting here the earliest have priority over those who come later. If we want to be really fair, we could also do a random draw of all the people who expressed interest in buying my products. We could even spread them out over the day so that no one will feel we've left them out."
 "Those are fair options, but they're not the most optimal ones." His sales manager responded. "Right now, you're in the enviable position of being able to set your prices. Even at your current price levels, there is still room for growth."
 That sounded logical, and in an ordinary situation he'd go for it. In economics, demand usually matched supply.
 If demand exceeded supply, then the most appropriate response was to raise his prices until the cheapskates stopped demanding his products. Meanwhile, those with thicker wallets eagerly spent more for essentially the same products.
 Still, Ves thought he had a good thing going on now. Pushing his buyers to the limit might cause a backlash that could see the momentum that had grown around his products fade.
 "Let's keep the prices as they are." Ves decided. "My profit margins are hovering around a hundred percent already. That's extremely good for a newcomer in the mech industry. It's more important to consolidate our gains than to overreach our current market standing."
 Antje looked disappointed, but she accepted his decision. As a marketer, she thought that Ves had lost an easy opportunity to earn some extra money. If they played their cards right, they could have earned twenty to thirty percent more.
 To accommodate their potential customers, they decided to go for a random draw. Each hour, they held a lottery for the opportunity to purchase a single Mark II or Caesar Augustus. The announcement momentarily befuddled the crowd of buyers, but they stuck around anyway.
 If they failed to win the first draw, they still had a chance in the second one, and so on. The arrangement slightly favored those who persisted the longest, though eventually luck formed the decisive factor.
 "Another advantage of resorting to a random draw is that the winners will cherish their lucky opportunities." Antje noted as she saw the first lucky bastard jump into the air with joy. "That means the chance that they'll turn back on the transaction and demand a refund is a lot lower than if you raised your prices."
 Throughout the second day, his booth became more of a exhibition than a store. Even more visitors arrived at Ansel today, causing the halls to be packed with people. Through word of mouth, his show models became one of the must-see attractions of the Vintage Festival.
 The space in front of his booth became jam-packed with visitors. The hall manager sent additional security to his area to maintain order.
 Ves found it amusing that people started to speculate on what made his designs so valuable. They entered a peculiar state where they sought for possible answers while staring at his show models. This made them more sensitive to the X-Factor the models radiated, causing them to come up with all sorts of wild reasons.
 In any case, everyone pretty much agreed that his models possessed a certain gravitas that drew the eye. This was most obvious with the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition, but the Marcus Aurelius formed an especially puzzling mech.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 People ascribed more value to the mystical mech because someone else already paid a fortune for it. Even if they couldn't sense its X-Factor, its mere perceived value had transformed it into a hot commodity that brought a lot of value to whoever got to own a copy.
 That perception strengthened when the professional mech aficionados gave out favorable reviews of the Marcus Aurelius. Experiencing its X-Factor at close proximity and trying out its virtual version allowed them go get a taste of its special qualities.
 They all used their own terms to describe their sensations.
 "Larger than life."
 "A mech with stature."
 "A living legacy."
 These authoritative statements fueled the anticipation surrounding the Marcus Aurelius. By the time they held the second auction, a famed collector finally managed to secure his bid at 120 million credits!
 More and more people began to believe the Marcus Aurelius possessed a unique strength, especially if they tried it out in a simulation. The crowd started to demand he released the virtual model to the general public, but Ves refused to give in to the demand.
 He wanted to maintain the aura of mystique around his most valuable model and maintain its exclusivity. The less people became exposed to the mech, the more they wanted to possess it. The limited amount of time allotted to simulations barely satisfied their cravings. In fact, it spurred them to an even greater frenzy.
 On the third day, besides selling out his regular models, the third Marcus Aurelius had been won by an anonymous bidder for a modest sum of 115 million credits.
 The lower sum compared to the day before represented that his model had reached its apex in terms of hype and perceived value. Even though demand for the Marcus Aurelius remained high, it reached a hard limit in terms of how far Ves could stretch out its value.
 His suspicions born out when they held the final auction at the last day of the festival. With most of the guests attending the closing ceremony at the main hall, the buzz around his show models had clearly reached a low point. The final bid given by another CEO only reached 113 million credits.
 While this still represented an unimaginable sum of money, Ves had secretly hoped for more. He shook his head at his greed. "I've already won big at this event. There's no need to complain about missing out."
 The daily sales chart proved his success. His booth had topped the sales chart in Hall 2. Surprisingly, a few mech designers over at Hall 1 did even better. They mostly consisted of AUMD alumni who catered to their home market. While their profit margins were drastically lower, they managed to sell hundreds of mechs, all of which added up to a frightening sum.
 Antje tried to console Ves. "They're already players in the Bentheim market, and their mechs are much more reasonably priced. These are natural results from your diverging product strategies. You've been targeting the high-end consumers while they've been focusing on the middle segment of the market."
 "I see. You're right. It's stupid to fuss about this issue. We haven't been competing directly against each other."
 He always envisioned the LMC to take the high-end route. Instead of investing in production capacity, Ves would rather develop his skills and his products and develop a reputation for excellence.
 After a wonderful period of doing business, they began to pack up their props and dismantle their booth. Ves sent the show models back to Marcella's storage yard to be inspected and brushed up. Even if they served their duty as show models, they were destined to fall into the hands of his first clients.
 "Goodbye, my sweet mechs. I hope you enjoy your new homes."
 At the end of the ride, Ves wasted a lot of time on paperwork. Technically, he hadn't sold any mech yet. He only received a number of orders that he had to fulfill before the customer transferred the promised sum.
 Despite these technicalities, Ves still made out with a fortune. First, he sold forty Marc Antony Mark II Eternal Editions. With 40 million credits a pop, the total sum reached 1.6 billion credits.
 Second, he twelve copies of the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition for 80 million credits for a total of 960 million credits.
 Finally, he auctioned out four exclusive copies of the Marcus Aurelius for a total of 458 million credits! Just four mechs earned him almost a billion credits alone!
 Still, Ves had to throw in a lot of caveats that diminished his final earnings. First, Ves promised Marcella a ten percent cut out of his gross profits. That was ten percent less than their contract which Ves insisted on due to all the work he had put into this event. Even then, Ves would dearly miss that money.
 Second, increased resource costs raised the production costs to a higher level than ever. Right now, the fabrication cost for a Mark II Eternal Edition evened out at 24 million credits, mostly due to the added premium materials included in its design.
 The Caesar Augustus and Marcus Aurelius both cost around the same to produce at around 50 million credits, though the actual price fluctuated significantly from day to day. That meant that Ves might be able to pay only 49 million credits tomorrow, but 51 million credits the day after that.
 Still, the general trend made it clear that Ves had to spend big in order to earn big.
 Ves faced the daunting prospect of trying to fulfill 56 orders in perfect order. He not only had to arrange the logistics in a way that kept his production line running as much as possible, he also had to be personally involved in each step of the way.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 All of his customers ordered the equivalent of gold label mechs. If Ves decided to be lazy and left the fabrication to his employees, then the mechs would never reach their full potential in the X-Factor.
 Once his customers got their hands on the diminished products, they’d look at their mechs and wonder if Ves bamboozled them. As the actual product’s qualities couldn’t match the show models, they’d be justified in their outrage.
 "I can’t cut any corners with these orders." Ves murmured as he drew up a rough plan on how to fulfill the orders as fast as possible. "The amount of stuff I have to take into account is growing by the day. I should probably beef up my administrative workforce soon."
 At the very least, Ves required someone to take care of the administrative side of things. He also needed a financial wizard to manage his growing pile of cash. Relying too much on automated software to do his administration left him prone to overlooking too many things
 After the Vintage Festival ended in a spectacular fashion, he immediately returned to the Barracuda with his followers and lifted off from Bentheim. He couldn’t wait to return to his workshop and get his hands dirty.
 Right now, time was of the essence. He had to fulfill his orders fast if he wanted to release an original design before the end of the year. While no one knew when the Vesians planned to invade the Republic, the pundits on the news portals all predict it wouldn’t be too long. Both sides already started mobilizing some of their reserves.
 In the meantime, the Mech Corps fought back against the rebels and the pirates preying on the shipping lines. The anti-piracy operations progressed decently as the Republic hunted down the smaller pirate outfits, though they failed to nail down their elusive leadership.
 Closer to home, several famous divisions achieved great success at crippling the BLM’s off-planet assets. Their influence in the greater Bentheim region shrank drastically as a result, leaving the separatists with too little assets to pose a threat on other planets.
 Once the Barracuda arrived at Cloudy Curtain, Ves returned to his workshop under an even tighter guard.
 Word of his success at the festival had spread to his home. While his stature and influence had grown, so did the risks. Sanyal-Ablin already informed him the amount of probes and hacking attempts on his workshop had increased by over a thousand percent!
 His long-awaited help waited for him at the entrance to his workshop. "It’s great to finally meet you! I’m Ves."
 A stodgy man with greying hair clasped his hand in a strong grip. "Cyril Hockett, chief mech technician. Your grandfather offered me some new scenery, and I figured you could use the help."
 "Your help is sorely needed. Right now, I’ve got a barebones operation going on. That was fine when I just started my business, but now I’ve got to fulfill a large quantity of orders."
 Ves proceeded to explain the layout of his workshop. He introduced his incoming chief to his shiny new machines and explained their extensive capabilities. He also showed him around the storerooms and other areas to make sure where he could find what he needed.
 When Cyril saw that Ves had no other workers in his workshop except for Carlos, he almost spat on the floor.
 "This is a piss-poor workshop for a company that just received billions worth of credits in orders! When you’ve grown to the point where you aim to deliver more than fifty mechs in less than half a year, then you should stop thinking you can do everything by yourself. As far as I’m concerned, you should have started training up some mech technicians from the moment you incorporated your business."
 "To be honest, the reason why I didn’t hire any technicians sooner is because it’s difficult to insure their loyalty." Ves sheepishly admitted. "If you’ve heard about the dangers I’ve been through, then you should know there’s a very real threat of infiltration."
 When his grandfather promised to send out a chief, Ves had briefly read his profile. Unlike some random technician he could hire off the street, Cyril had been orphan who lost his parents in one of the past Bright-Vesia Wars. He’d been picked up by the Larkinsons who took care of his upbringing so that he formed a strong loyalty to the family.
 Many wealthy families engaged in such practices to form a cadre of loyal retainers. The lives of these men and women could have been much worse without the nurturing they received from their backers.
 Due to his simple history and impeccable service, Ves trust Cyril almost as much as his father and grandfather.
 His new chief already made some bold plans. "It’s a little cramped here, but I like it. You’ve got some real quality equipment here. It’s a shame you don’t have enough hands to make full use of them. Let me take care of the hiring. I’ll be sure to watch out if they’re up to anything. With me around, they won’t even get the chance to harm you."
 Cyril’s confidence provided some reassurance to Ves. He nodded at his chief and keyed him into the various systems that ran his workshop. In particular, Ves granted Cyril the authority to hire and train new personnel on his behalf. The chief didn’t need to check in with Ves for every little decision he made.
 Naturally, his security systems still kept track of everyone’s movements. Ves occasionally skimmed the logs to make sure that Carlos hadn’t been slacking off. He simply had some extra reading to do with Cyril’s addition to his workforce.
 "Delegate when you can." Cyril nodded approvingly. "The key to transitioning from a scrappy startup to an established company is to increase its scope but maintain control. You’ll shackle your company if you insist on micromanaging every aspect. Focus on your strengths as a mech designer and leave all of the details to your underlings."
 Cyril made some broad recommendations to his operations. Besides urging him to staff his administrative department, he also recommended moving his workshop within half a year.
 "Why so soon?" Ves asked with a puzzled tone. "I don’t expect I’ll need to expand my workshop any further before I develop my first original design."
 The chief shook his head. "That’s a short-sighted perspective. With only a fixed set of orders to fulfill, right now is the best time to plan a relocation. If you haven’t looked outside, your workshop is sitting at the edge of a suburban neighborhood. I’m fairly certain that the local zoning laws is prohibiting a further expansion of your workshop."
 "Yes, but why is it necessary to move to an open area as fast as possible?"
 "You need a bigger inventory! Not only for raw materials, but also for your products! Right now, you’re shipping in materials and shipping out mechs with hardly any margin for error."
 "I see. Until recently, I lacked the cash to worry about building up my inventory. Now I’ve got a large amount of mechs to deliver."
 A larger inventory allowed his workshop to fabricate without interruption or delays. It also helped provide a buffer if war or piracy cut off the shipping lines between Bentheim and its major suppliers.
 Cyril provided even more reasons to move. Ves could plan ahead and use a much more efficient layout of his work site with plenty of room for expansion. He could also consult Sanyal-Ablin on how to make his workshop safe and secure from the very start.
 "Money can make a lot of people go crazy. It’s unfortunate your recent sales have attracted so much scrutiny. You can expect a lot of important visitors to knock at your door in the next couple of days."
 His words came true the next day. While Cyril went out to the local branch of the MTA to put up a recruiting notice, a familiar face turned up to his doorstep. Dietrich sat down on a sofa in his lounge with a serious expression.
 He sighed. "I hate to be doing this, but my father insisted. You know how we’ve got your back, right? A lot of scum started snooping around our turf. We’ve been cleaning them up as soon as they show up, but it’s tiresome work. You’ve become a big boy now under our protection. I even let you take advantage of my connections."
 "I see." Ves said flatly. He already knew what Dietrich had in mind. "Nothing comes for free."
 "Hah! Wouldn’t it be nice to eat cloud rice every day! Sadly, you’re right. You only get to enjoy something if you’re willing to pay for it. That goes for both the trans-galactic corporations and the local liquor store where I’ve been buying my best drinks. Seeing as you’re running a business yourself, it’s time to pay your debts."
 Before Ves made it big, Walter’s Whalers treated him like kid. They indulged him to build up good relations and to insure they established a relationship before he rose up. Even if he never amounted to anything, it didn’t cost the Whalers anything to make the effort.
 Now they realized they were sitting on a gold mine. While they still wanted to be friends, they also wanted a piece of the very juicy pie that Ves had just brought back from Bentheim.
 They negotiated for a couple of minutes. Unlike the domineering gangs in Bentheim, the Whalers presented reasonable demands to Ves and the LMC. They asked for a modest contribution of five percent of gross profits.
 Ves expected worse, like a demand to cough up 500 million credits immediately.
 "We’re not stupid, you know?" Dietrich remarked when he noted that Ves doubted his words. "We run our own businesses, so of course we know a thing or two about liquidity. All those stories you’ve heard about the gangs in Bentheim are exceptions rather than the norm. There’s a whole bunch of chuckleheads in that cesspit who have more greed than sense. They rarely last very long."
 In fact, the Whalers made a shrewd decision by betting on the future. Demanding a five percent cut in gross profits sounded small while the LMC remained in its beginning stages of its growth. Once it expanded to the point where it sold tens of thousands of mechs a year, that five percent accumulated into a frightening amount of money.
 Despite being taken advantage of, Ves knew he couldn’t refuse the offer. He nodded wordlessly, and after exchanging a bit of pleasantries, his guest left the workshop.
 "At least I only have to start paying for the next fiscal year."
 Ves set the fiscal year to the date he first embarked on his career as a mech designer, which came up very soon. Not only did he have to file for taxes for his earnings up to now, he also had to make another interest payment on the debt his father accrued.
 "It’s interesting what a difference a year can make."
 A year ago, Ves faced an existential threat because he started penniless with 330 million credits in debt. This unimaginably huge sum loomed over him like mountain that threatened to collapse on his shoulders.
 The debt still existed to this day, only this time Ves had grown into a giant. Before he knew it, he became capable of tipping over the mountain anytime he wanted. Only his reluctance to spend his cash before he finished investing in a couple more licenses withheld him from doing so.
 An alarm interrupted his musings. Someone else arrived at his doorstep. When Ves went up to see who came, he met a familiar face from the Pioneers.
 "Mr. Larkinson." Linden Royce tipped his hat to Ves. "Can I come in?"
 "Certainly. Come right in." Ves replied after his security cleared him of any bugs and threats. "I’m sorry to say I didn’t expect your presence, deputy director."
 "Recent developments changed our outlook on your case. And it’s director now. My superior has been reassigned. There’s been a lot of shakeups at the Pioneers. Certain factions lost support while others rose with the tide."
 "And I suppose I’m to blame."
 Linden smiled at Ves, confirming the jest. The recent revival of the mech scene on Cloudy Curtain had benefited the Pioneers the most. They grew from a marginal position with little influence to a formidable source of opposition to the Greens and the White Doves.
 No matter how much they disliked each other, they had to rely on each other in order to resist the status quo.
 Director Royce left with empty hands after a largely fruitless meeting with Ves.
 Having seen their true face, Ves did not have a good impression of the Pioneers. Even in their brief but cordial conversation, Royce always assumed an air that Ves already belonged to their crowd.
 While Ves favored a better business climate, that did not mean he wanted to step into the swamp of politics. In his eyes, the Pioneers were just as sleazy as the ruling coalition. He had no doubt that as soon as the winds turned against him, the Pioneers would be the first to abandon his side.
 No matter what the director promised, Ves refused to entertain any entreaties for his support. Faced with a brick wall in terms of willingness to cooperate, Royce got the message and made himself scarce.
 "Are you sure it’s a good idea to keep him at arm’s length?" Carlos asked as he entered the lounge.
 "I’m in the business of selling mechs, not policy making. Frankly,
 The only useful bit of information Ves got out of the conversation was when Royce explained the Republican Commissioner’s lack of involvement.
 "The Commissioner is an old man who’s been pushed out of a cushy position at the capital. Right now, he’s expected to hold the fort and keep his head down. He can ill afford a controversy on his hands, which will be sure to happen if he intervenes."
 "So we’re simply a place of exile for an outmaneuvered politician?"
 "Don’t forget what planet we are on." Royce emphasized. "To the Republic, Cloudy Curtain is one of Bentheim’s bread basket. As long as it keep supplying cloud rice, they don’t really care how developed our industries are."
 At the very least, Ves and the Pioneers agreed that Cloudy Curtain deserved to be more than a farm planet. That was why Ves rejected closer ties. They largely worked towards the same goal already.
 "Let’s get back to business." Ves turned his attention back to the real matters at hand. "Our first shipment of raw materials have arrived, right?"
 "Yup. Enough to build four comechs. You wanted to fabricate the Marcus Aurelius first, right? Don’t you think it’s better to start with the Caesar Augustus and gain some proficiency?"
 He shook his head. "I already mastered its design and most of its nuances. At my level of proficiency, I won’t gain anything new after fabricating sixteen copies of the Caesar Augustus. I’m more anxious about finishing the most important orders first. Those who paid the most should get priority over those who ordered our regular products."
 Ves had plenty of reasons to hurry up with the Marcus Aurelius models. For one, a couple of mech portals obsessed over the Marcus Aurelius. Those who experienced the show model up close gave out glowing remarks. Those who heard about the auction from afar savaged the design for being grossly overpriced.
 While the auction contract didn’t include the option for buyers to cancel their orders, Ves didn’t want them to regret their bids. Fulfilling their orders as soon as possible should alleviate the criticism he received because the model would become more accessible this way.
 Besides, fulfilling these orders also netted him almost half a billion credits in gross revenue. That was easy money, especially since he only had to deliver three additional mechs besides the original show model.
 For the upcoming batch of mechs, Ves gathered Carlos and Cyril who returned from the MTA.
 "The Marcus Aurelius is a prestige design. The frames have to come out flawlessly from our workshop. I’m going for perfection this time. Speed is not an issue."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "Do you want to utilize both production lines at once?" His new chief suggested. "The old one can be used to fabricate the less important parts while the newer one can do the bulk of the armor and other delicate components."
 "No. It’s important to give the models the impression that they’re handmade by me. Even the most unassuming bolt needs to be fabricated with the best machine we have. We’ll stick to the new production line."
 While Ves wanted to fulfill his orders quickly, the Marcus Aurelius demanded perfection. Even the tiniest flaws that the MTA didn’t care about had to be eliminated from the start.
 With their new stock of raw materials, they proceeded to fabricate the three models one at a time. The relatively measured pace of fabrication and assembly insured that Ves could maintain his concentration over long stretches of time. This empowered the finish product’s X-Factor and insured they didn’t suffer from any deficiencies.
 It took nine days to complete the three mechs. Even if Ves wanted to take it slow, the fast and efficient Dortmund printer insured a brisk pace. Ves sent them off to the MTA for certification, upon which they’d be shipped to Bentheim on a high priority berth in the next convoy.
 Even though Ves claimed that he already mastered the Caesar Augustus and its derivatives, they still learned many new tricks. Carlos and Cyril especially gained a lot from the experience, the former due to his lack of experience and the latter due to his unfamiliarity with the design.
 They both provided essential assistance that saved a lot of time. When Ves moved on to fulfilling the orders for the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition, they transitioned into a well-oiled machine that pumped out a frame every two days.
 The workshop became a lot busier once Cyril recruited his first crop of mech technicians. He settled for ten bright young men and women who came from all over Cloudy Curtain.
 The young technicians didn’t possess impressive resumes, but Cyril recruited them anyway for their other qualities. Their relative youth and boundless optimism fit well in a young and growing company.
 "Their qualifications aren’t important. Anything can be trained so long as you put in the effort." Cyril remarked to Ves as he watched the technicians fumble around a practice project on the old production line. "What I’m really looking for are blank slates. It’s essential for a workshop to be staffed by a core of true believers. These local technicians can be shaped and molded to fit your needs."
 Basically, Chief Cyril aimed to replicate the same methods that the Larkinsons used on him. It sounded a bit manipulative to brainwash the recruits from fresh, but this was standard practice from the factory floor to the military. At this stage, Ves didn’t require an abundance of competent technicians to assist him in his work. It was better for the LMC to lay a good foundation.
 Ves didn’t even bother to learn their names. All of the young men and women pretty much considered Ves to be a god. After all, he managed to earn billions of credits in revenue in a single event.
 The difference in status between Ves and the average person had widened to such an extent that it rivaled the vast distance between galaxies. Ves had truly ascended into the ranks of upper society.
 In general, if Ves needed anything trivial done, he told Cyril or Carlos, who delegated the actual job to the closest technician at hand. Thus, a three-layer hierarchy came into being with Ves as the emperor and the mech technicians as the plebians.
 For the most part, this kept Ves from being disturbed as he did his work. While Carlos didn’t have much of a talent for leadership, the mech technicians loved him for being a relatable mech designer, never mind that he never actually designed a commercial mech.
 In short, his workshop experienced remarkable changes that elevated it from a tiny mech boutique to a proper mech manufacturing site. The backlog of orders insured that the mech technicians witnessed first-hand how an actual mech came into being.
 Once Cyril brushed up their fundamentals, they even became more involved with the fabrication of the mechs. By the time Ves finished his fifteenth and last Caesar Augustus, their assistance sped up the fabrication process by at least twenty percent.
 Ves sighed in relief once he fulfilled the most important set of orders. Having delivered all the premium models before their customers could back out of the transaction lifted a weight off his mind. "Now we’re really going to pick up our speed. It’s already more than a month and we still have over thirty mechs to go."
 The advantage of leaving the Marc Antony Mark II Eternal Edition as last became evident at this stage. All ten mech technicians gained enough proficiency by now that they could be trusted to handle more important tasks. Along with the fact that the Mark II utilized uncompressed armor, Ves managed to fabricate a single frame in less than a day.
 Another month went by as they maintained a rapid pace. Shipments flew in and out of his workshop almost daily as the workshop pumped out mech after mech. Even though Ves pushed the pace to the limit, he never exceeded it and risk losing control.
 The constant, repetitive work sapped some of the excitement out of his mech technicians, but it also indoctrinated them fully into his company. Through constant nurturing by Carlos and Cyril, the workers became immersed in a workplace culture that emphasized initiative, cooperation and excellence.
 "What about efficiency?" Cyril asked when Ves presented them with his outline for the kind of workplace culture that he wanted to foster. "Initiative and excellence sound good and all, but free-thinking mech technicians have a tendency to go off the beaten path and decide on inefficient methods."
 "As long as my mechs retain their quality, I don’t care. Efficiency is important, but don’t forget that my aim has always been the high-end mech market. My profits margins are high enough that I don’t have to be the best in the industry in this area. It’s more important to insure a constant flow of flawless mechs. They might even benefit from a touch of individuality."
 In the meantime, many of his customers have already received his products. With the spread of his prestige mechs, Ves created another minor buzz in the mech scene.
 Two different CEOs won the auctions for the highly exclusive Marcus Aurelius. As soon as they received the mechs and transferred the payments, they displayed them prominently in front of their company headquarters.
 The locations turned into local sensations with the placement of the new mechs. The strong X-Factor radiating from the frames exerted a subtle but pervasive influence to anyone that visited the offices. Those who worked there from day-to-day slowly adopted different work patterns.
 In particular, they lost some of their short-sightedness and showed more consideration to the future. Whether these changes benefited the companies in question, Ves wasn’t sure, but their and stature had solidified the Marcus Aurelius as a remarkable design.
 The more numerous Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition provoked a lot of comparisons with the original edition. A couple of mech portals borrowed access to the Eternal Edition and conducted an in-depth look on what Ves had done to make them so special.
 They came away with a lot of puzzlement. For some reason, each mech overperformed in a single aspect, and they couldn’t find a mechanical reason for this deviation. They also couldn’t make head or tails of the auras, though they definitely basked in the sensation.
 Among the norm with gold label mechs, Ves included one of Lucky’s unique performance-enhancing gems in the cockpit. The mystical gems worked their magic silently as he stamped each of them with the Anonymizing Stamp. With the promotion of the DarkSpear, Ves could easily afford the 100 DP it took to stamp each gem, though the numbers added up a bit.
 With the addition of over a 100,000 DP, Ves had refrained from spending them until he finished his current set of orders. Even though he could benefit from improving his various Assembly Skills, he didn’t strictly require any help. He’d rather save the points for more important Skills.
 Almost every day, Ves turned on his Privacy Shield and explored the options provided by the System. As the time to design an original mech came within reach, he faced a difficult choice in his development strategy.
 Should he widen or deepen his base of knowledge?
 Regarding the Mech Designer System, Ves had many ideas on where to spend his DP. The most luxurious one would be to upgrade his stealth module on his comm, but that drained pretty much all of his recent earnings.
 "It’s better to spend them on skills and attributes this time."
 The more he thought about the prospect of designing an original mech, the more he realized the daunting nature of the endeavor. Not only did he have to make a functional mech, he also had to make it sell.
 A peculiar trend in the mech industry was that mechs with strong strengths and weaknesses sold better than they ought to. This pattern became especially prevalent in the lower segments of the market.
 They considered balanced mechs with no obvious traits the safe and boring option. Many of the mainstream models throughout the galactic rim, heartland and center consisted of these kinds of mechs. Even if they were as flavorless as water, their excellent quality control and lack of exploitable weaknesses made them safe to deploy in large amounts.
 Generally, the mech industry believed that newcomers should focus on their strengths rather than balance out their weaknesses. Mech pilots sought out mechs that complimented their strengths. Even if their favorite models came with caveats, knowing about them beforehand allowed them to mitigate these weaknesses.
 "It’s probably too much to aim for upgrading a Skill to Journeyman-level." Ves considered as he finalized the shipment of the final mechs.
 Excluding the original show models, Ves completed the fabrication of three copies of the Marcus Aurelius, fifteen copies of the Caesar Augustus Eternal Edition and around thirty-four copies of the Marc Antony Mark II Eternal Edition.
 All of this should have taken more than a year in his old workshop, but with his new machines and mech technicians, he finished it all in just over two months. The speed at which his workshop completed the orders showcased the benefits of superior capital and labor.
 "It’s a bit daunting to sit around so many expensive machines. I also have to be responsible for my workers."
 Even when Ves hired Carlos, Calsie and Gavin to help him manage the Living Mech Corporation, he always felt alone. In essence, he never really shed the sense that it was essentially a one-man operation.
 Now, with the addition of eleven pair of hands in the workshop floor, every day turned lively. Even as they finally finished all the limited edition mechs, they still had a busy week ahead with the fabrication of the regular silver label Mark II’s.
 One benefit of his high-profile participation in the Vintage Festival was that the demand for his products spiked up. Marcella often received solicitations for Ves to fabricate a Marcus Aurelius or a Caesar Augustus.
 Sadly for the latecomers, Ves had no intentions reducing the scarcity of those mechs. They stopped being rare if too many copies circulated in the market.
 Thus, most customers turned away when they heard that Ves stopped providing mechs of that caliber. The only model Ves offered freely were the silver label Mark II’s. His well-practiced mech technicians eagerly tackled the challenge of fabricating the Mark II’s without direct involvement from Ves.
 With Carlos and Chief Cyril watching over the eager men and women, Ves had nothing to worry about on that end. They used the new production line for the silver label Mark II’s, which not only sped up the work, but also ensured the quality of the finished components.
 The LMC sold an average of three silver label Mark II’s per week. Despite tripling the rate of production, the drastically higher resource costs meant that his gross profits hadn’t really increased all that much.
 At this time, Ves also finished tallying up his finances for the end of the fiscal year.
 Excluding the recent orders, the LMC accumulated around 700 million credits in regular business activities. The sum consisted of the investment made by the Larkinson family, the profits out of fulfilling orders for the gold and silver label Mark II’s and the compensation for fulfilling ’irregular’ orders.
 To make the long story short, Ves earned around a billion credits in gross profits from the entire event. While Ves received more than that as payment for delivering the mechs, the painfully high resource costs as well as the minor cut to his mech broker reduced his earnings.
 When Ves added various fees such as a one percent cut to the organizers of the festival and the various shipping and insurance costs, then Ves should thank his lucky stars that he still retained a billion credits.
 Ves only briefly enjoyed the massive sum his company accumulated. Every business had to pay taxes, and the LMC was no different. Even though it benefited from several exemptions meant to ease the burden on startups, the LMC still had to cough up money to the planet and the state at an effective tax rate of twenty percent. The company paid fifteen percent to the central government and five percent to Cloudy Curtain’s local government.
 Furthermore, he also had to reserve money to pay for his other annual expenses. This included his electricity bill, which ballooned once the company gained the new production line. It also included the annual compensation for Sanyal-Ablin for its combined security, convoy shipment and insurance costs.
 "I also can’t forget to add the interest payment for the old loan."
 After deducting a depressing amount of expenses to his company’s account, the LMC was left with only 1.4 billion credits in liquid cash.
 "It’s not the windfall I hoped for, but it’s still a huge pile of money."
 Ves amply met his goal of raising a vast sum of money. While it took a short couple of months to earn this sum, he finally gained some options with regards to completing his set of licenses.
 Right now, without a solid draft for his first design, he held off on shopping for component licenses.
 "It’s like baking a pie. Even though I already know the type of pie I want to bake, I still don’t know if I want the filling to be apples or blueberries."
 He had to be careful with acquiring the right component licenses. With stagnant profits, Ves could not rely on his company to raise more cash in the event he wasted his current savings.
 The main problem he faced right now was that Ves felt apprehensive about drafting an initial outline for his design. He vaguely sensed a gap in his mind that warned him that he missed something essential to design a good original mech.
 Over the past couple of months, this feeling grew stronger, to the point where it even haunted his dreams. Specters of possible futures where he introduced his first original design with bombast, only to be ridiculed by the mech industry happened every night.
 "What am I missing?" Ves puzzled over his conundrum. Was it experience? Inspiration? Skills?
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Even without spending his DP, Ves considered himself to be amply prepared for the task. Many other Apprentice Mech Designers published their first original designs without the help of the System.
 Leaving out the freaks and the direct disciples, Ves should be one of the most prepared Apprentice Mech Designers without an original design in his belt.
 Perhaps he needed a break. Ves had worked non-stop for the last couple of months. Even though he mastered his new equipment and refined his Assembly skills through constant repetition, he still found the work to be tedious, especially since he had to focus his mind to imbue his mechs with the X-Factor.
 "I’ve been wondering if you were still human." Chief Cyril joked as Ves admitted his frustrations. "You’ve worked harder than any of us. Even I take a couple of days off. The way you’re putting all your passion in your mechs is admirable, but if your entire life resolves solely around designing and fabricating mechs, then you’re no different from a human-shaped bot."
 The remark startled Ves. When was the last time he put down his work and relaxed? He couldn’t even recall something as simple as that. "It’s not easy getting my company up its feet. I only got this far because of all the effort I put into my career."
 Even Carlos shook his head when he heard those words. "Ves, you’ve got to learn to relax. Even when we studied at Rittersberg, we still partied a lot, remember? What happened to the old Ves?"
 "The old, average loser Ves made way for a successful founder and mech designer."
 "You’ll die an early grave if you keep that up." Cyril warned with a serious tone in his voice. "I get that you’re focused in your work. You always achieve great results when you put your full heart and soul into your mechs. But damnit, you’re draining your life!"
 "What is that supposed to mean?"
 "What I mean is that you should find some meaning in your life! Get a hobby, play some games, go on a vacation! Hell, the best way to cure workaholism is to get a girlfriend!"
 "Hah! Don’t talk about girlfriends with Ves! It’s his sore spot." Carlos snorted.
 Ves automatically ignored any talk about getting a girlfriend. Instead, he fixated on a particular term his chief technician uttered. "Find the meaning in life, huh?"
 For the first time in months, Ves got the sense that he grasped a straw in the dark. The puzzle that forced him to stall his plans to design an original mech became a bit more comprehensible.
 His subordinates showed him the light. Even if they joked around a bit, they still showed their concern. Besides mechs, Ves really had nothing else to occupy his life. Small things like playing with Lucky or talking to his relatives over the comm didn’t count. He lacked any form of fulfillment besides his work.
 To be honest, even if he realized this deficiency, he still felt reluctant about spending time on something else than progressing his career. He truly enjoyed designing mechs and running his company.
 "What else can I do, then?"
 "A lot of mech designers back in Rittersberg joined a club. There are countless clubs that cater to overworked professionals like you. There’s golf clubs, painting clubs, gaming clubs, drama clubs, shuttle racing clubs and more. Whatever hobby you can mention, there’s a bunch of men and women who enjoy doing their hobbies together. Everything is better if you share it with others."
 That sounded fine on a major planet like Rittersberg or Bentheim, but a lightly populated planet like Cloudy Curtain probably didn’t offer such a sheer variety of clubs.
 Besides, Ves didn’t even know what kind of hobby he should take.
 Fortunately, Chief Cyril had some sage advice for him. "You should look into a creative pursuit rather than a sports activity. Mech design involves both art and science. While it’s necessary to be proficient in science and engineering, you also need to flex your creativity. Many mech designers find a hobby for themselves to find inspiration for their next designs. Their ideas don’t fall from the sky, you know."
 His chief technician’s words resonated with the doubts that lurked in his mind. He forgot about this essential truth in mech design.
 The creative element distinguished mechs designed by bots from mechs designed by actual humans. Even though the latter might be prone to flaws and inefficiencies, the creative solutions employed by a human designer often led to better results on the battlefield.
 The whole industry revolved around this nuance. The sheer variety of mechs being designed every day led to a vibrant mech market where a customer could ask for a mech in any possible shape or form.
 While only a small portion of designs achieved commercial success, even the failures added something of value to the industry.
 All of this enlightened Ves to the need to enrich his life. Without any other life experiences, how could he know what was best for his original design?
 That still begged the question of what kind of hobby he should pick up.
 Ves considered designing mechs his life’s calling. Since his birth into the Larkinson family, his upbringing constantly centered around mechs. Even after finding out that he’d never be able to interface with a mech, he switched his goals to designing them after a low spell.
 Strangely enough, Ves never questioned his singular obsession with mechs. In the Age of Mechs, that shouldn’t be a problem for most people, but mech designers had it different.
 A mech designer designed mechs. While that sounded like a pleonasm, it actually hid a fundamental truth: a mech designer combined his knowledge and life experiences to shape a unique mechanical war machine into being.
 What was a mech designer without much life experience? A bot. A run-of-the-mill cookie-cutter designer who studied from the same mainstream textbooks referenced by countless other designers.
 "Is this why apprenticing to a Master and seeking fortune in danger is so important?" Ves hummed to himself. He felt as if he parted the veil behind a essential truth in the field of mech design. "Mech designers that lead monotonous lives will inevitably gravitate towards designing monotonous mechs."
 He thought back on all the innovative designs he came across. From the glorious, larger-than-life Caesar Augustus to the gimmicky spear-dashing Hoplite, all of these unique creations possessed a spark of personality that no sane designer could have ever come up with if they holed up in a design studio all day.
 Despite their various flaws, the personal touch imbued in their designs turned them into unforgettable classics that lived on in the annals of mech history.
 What about the Star Designers, the very best designers in the galaxy? Legends like Apollo, The Polymath and The Armorer all possessed colorful biographies filled with excitement, struggle and tragedy. They persevered throw their lows and rode their highs towards the very top of the tallest mountain in the galaxy.
 Even then, they still sought even greater heights, always grasping towards the unattainable heavens above.
 "That’s still too far away from me." Ves shook his head. Who was he kidding? Forget about reaching the heavens, he still hadn’t finished his first climb. "Let’s find a hobby first."
 What did other people do for fun? Ves decided to ask his employees.
 He already knew what Carlos did sometimes in his free time. Even back at Rittersberg, he occasionally sneaked to a game center and immersed himself in one of those casual mech simulation games.
 Different from Iron Spirit, these games allowed neural peasants like Carlos and Ves to get a taste of actual piloting with minimal demands on their aptitude. They worked by pre-programming all kinds of moves into the virtual mechs. Players could activate them by issuing only a single mental command.
 Rather than call it piloting a virtual mech, Ves considered it more like commanding a robot. He always felt very detached when he played such casual games. Even though the games evolved throughout the years to the point where even beginner pilots could pull off moves mastered by aces, it never felt real enough.
 "So that’s out."
 Ves approached Chief Cyril next. He had a very peculiar hobby.
 "I make my own clockwork from scratch. I started with the classics using alloys and woods, and after several years of mastery I moved on to incorporating exotics in my works. It’s a great hobby for technicians like me because the skills and patience you learn from assembling clocks will greatly help your ability to put a mech together."
 Clocks didn’t call out to Ves. As far as he was concerned, if he needed to know the time, he could look up the current time from his comm.
 With some reluctance, he started asking his technicians on what they did in their free time.
 "I like to catch up on the mech duels of the past week with my buddies."
 "My father used to be a pro at zero-G rugby. I still play some in the weekends at Freslin’s local club."
 "I’m part of a bird watcher’s association. We’re currently lobbying the local government to introduce more species of birds on our planet."
 None of these activities appealed to him, but they did give him a sense on what people did for fun. Half of the time they took over the hobbies from their parents. That presented a problem for Ves, as his father was a mech pilot himself.
 "What did my dad do in his off time?"
 He liked to sit on the porch of their house and watch the murky sky of their home planet. Sometimes he brought out a data pad and read some literature about mundane people facing mundane problems.
 Should he sit down and read a book like his father? "I already have to read a lot for my work, so I have no appetite to read anything else for fun."
 Ves didn’t imagine he’d have so much trouble finding a suitable hobby for him. The more he realized its absence, more he thought he hadn’t been making the most out of his life.
 He started dabbling in various kinds of arts.
 He tried practicing music, but his complete lack of experience with any kind of instrument made it clear he needed to put in thousands of hours to get somewhere. For someone like Ves, that took way too much time.
 He switched to painting next, only to get frustrated by his inability to translate his vision onto the campus. Besides requiring a lot of specialized skills and finesse, Ves also found the process to be tedious.
 Figuring he had nothing left to lose, Ves tried out a couple of virtual games on his terminal. He tried his hand at being a battlefield commander ordering around virtual troops, an infantryman fighting against aliens in the trenches and a ship captain who tried to bring his battered ship home.
 None of the games held his interest for long. Ves already worked in a sector closely related to war and conflict. Playing the role of a combatant was a nice fantasy, but he’d rather stick with his current job.
 He also played some of the sillier popular games. He pretended to be an anthropomorphic pony on fairytale world or engage in a detective game where he tried to solve a fictional city’s chicken theft spree.
 The lack of depth and the substantial amount of detachment in these games bored Ves to tears. "Anyone who plays these games are either kids or adults looking to escape reality."
 So even virtual games couldn’t stoke his passion. Ves scratched his head and sighed. "I’m such a quintessential mech head. My entire life is geared towards mechs!"
 It was not as if he understood where others got their enjoyment from their hobbies. They simply didn’t resonate to Ves. His body and mind had been wired in a different way to most people, and it received a further transformation from his adventure at Groening IV.
 "I’ve got alien genes in my body. Maybe that’s got to do with my lethargy."
 He couldn’t deny that Ves still didn’t understand his body. Even though he regularly visited a specialist from Sanyal-Ablin, he still felt a bit unsettled by the changes wrought by the additional organs in his body.
 His Jutland organ still continued to circulate an invisible energy loop in his body. While his treatments helped subside some of the organ’s strange effects, Ves always considered it with a wary eye.
 For this reason, Ves declined to participate in any sports. His posthuman body gave him an unnatural advantage in this area. Many sports clubs automatically bar their gates towards any genetic deviants like him. They wanted to maintain an even playing field for the most numerous species of mankind.
 "I can’t blame them for doing so. They’ll unleash a race towards hybridization if they allow people who muck up their genetics with alien traits in their ranks."
 Ves considered taking a hobby closer to his calling, such as constructing functional scale miniatures or designing so-called ’fantasy mechs’.
 The latter consisted of designing mechs using technology or principles beyond humanity’s reach. In many cases, this referred to magic.
 Several popular virtual games took place in a low-tech fantasy environment. The mechs that sometimes appeared in these settings ran on either pure magic or a combination of magic and technology. They provided an alternative to those who wanted to play with mechs but didn’t wish to simulate reality so closely.
 He briefly considered diving into this world, but begged it off after a while. "If I’m going to escape from my work, I better not be doing the same thing."
 By now, even his subordinates grew exasperated by his ineptness at finding a distraction. Carlos tutted at him with a tired expression. "For heaven’s sake, Ves, just get off your butt and go take a walk or something. There’s plenty of things to do in downtown Freslin."
 "I’m kind of under constant threat right now. My security guards advised me against taking casual walks outside. Who knows how many greedy criminals are waiting to kidnap me outside."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The LMC made a fortune out of its recent sales. No one could hide that fact, especially since dozens of news portals published articles about his products. The more money he accumulated, the more scrutiny he attracted.
 Few of those gazes had the best intentions in mind.
 Frankly, Ves started to feel that his current security arrangements could use some adjustment. Melkor and Raella helped by patrolling with their mechs, but Ves could hardly demand they stay inside their mechs for an entire day.
 Work constantly tempted him back, but he resisted. "The workshop doesn’t need me right now."
 At the moment, the LMC only produced the silver label Mark II’s. That didn’t mean the design posed no challenges, but with Carlos on hand, his employees should be able to handle any problems themselves.
 The new workplace culture started to show its effects. Under a combination of positive reinforcement and leading by example, Chief Cyril managed to instill the mech technicians with a sense of initiative. They loosened up and started giving out suggestions on how to improve particular processes.
 Even if their ideas turned out to be brain-dead stupid, at least they made an effort. Ves had no wish to turn his company into a soulless profit-driven enterprise where its workers were treated like cogs in a machine. Carlos often complained about treated like dirt in his previous job as a quality control inspector at a major mech manufacturing plant.
 Ves turned back to his quest to find a hobby. He even asked Lucky if he had any suggestions on what to do. The mechanical cat let out a puzzling meow before turning back to munching on a chunk of minerals, tail swishing lazily all the while.
 "Okay then. Enjoy your meal."
 Should he simply give up on his search or find a girlfriend to spend his time with? Ves quickly ruled out these options.
 "Maybe I should go on a vacation."
 He considered spending time on a retreat not too far away from home. While Ves liked to experience a change in scenery, he didn’t wish to stay aboard a ship for weeks at a time. He couldn’t afford to take too much time out of work.
 The idea stood out as a great way to experience something new without making a substantial commitment to his time. With the speed of his Barracuda, he could easily reach most star systems within Bentheim’s sphere of influence in a couple of days.
 Ves browsed through a selection of nearby star systems and planets. Every settled planet in the Republic offered something unique to tourists. Even a boring place like Cloudy Curtain turned into a refuge for those that lived on worlds with very strong suns.
 He paused flicking through the destinations when he came across an aquatic planet called Moira’s Paradise. Water covered the entire globe except for a couple of artificial islands. Its settlers built many cities underwater.
 While the planet originally offered very little in the way of aquatic flora and fauna, its enterprising citizens imported many remarkable alien wildlife into its ecosystem. They even managed to get their hands on a couple of exotic creatures that could only be found in the galactic heartland or the galactic center.
 All of them deserved a closer look.
 Once Ves set his mind on his destination, he moved quickly. He browsed the galactic net for holiday options and selected a vacation package catered to the rich.
 Ves booked a ticket aboard an advanced aquatic cruise ship that provided guided tours around Moira’s Paradise. He paid 300,000 credits for the lowest-level package, which provided him with a basic cabin that nevertheless exceeded the standard of any 5-star hotel on Cloudy Curtain.
 The tier above that offered him a roomier berth, a higher priority on visiting the various sights and premium service aboard the cruise ship. That sounded nice and all, but anyone who wanted to take advantage of these luxuries had to cough up 5 million credits a pop.
 "That’s not even considering the upper tiers."
 Moira’s Paradise attracted a decent amount of tourists from the neighboring states. The ocean planet worked hard to diversify its ecosystem to the point where it became a regional attraction. It offered a handful of unique exotic creatures that couldn’t be found elsewhere in the Komodo Star Sector.
 "There’s also the aquatic mechs to consider. I’ve never been exposed to that scene."
 An entire subculture developed around aquatic mechs. Any settled planet with oceans of water or other liquids required a whole different paradigm if you wanted to invade or defend it. Any regular mechs that fell into a boundless ocean quickly sank to the bottom until the increasing pressure crushed it like a can.
 Aquatic mechs had to comply with two essential demands. First, it had to be able to handle the crushing pressure. Second, it had to be waterproof. This led to the adoption heavily armored fish or mermen-shaped mechs propelled by powerful jets as the norm in aquatic combat.
 Weight formed less of a concern than elsewhere, allowing aquatic mech designers to stuff their mechs full of goodies that would have slowed a mech on land to a crawl.
 In addition, aquatic warfare often occurred within knife-fighting range. The only viable form of long-range combat consisted of flinging torpedoes at each other. At close ranges, railguns, harpoons and ballistic rifles became viable, but not ideal. In third-rate states, melee combat dominated the oceans.
 Having booked his ticket, Ves packed up his bags and brought along Lucky and Raella for the ride. When she heard he wanted to take her along for the ride, she looked a little put off.
 "It’s great that you’re finally bringing me away from this boring as hell planet, but why aren’t you going somewhere exciting? Moira’s Paradise is a tourist trap! Hardly anything happens over there! Even the BLM doesn’t bother with the place."
 "It’s either you or Melkor, and he’s already had his turn. Besides, don’t you want to see the aquatic mechs up close?"
 "Who cares about those fish mechs? Besides, my Vektrix is absolutely useless without solid beneath her feet. I won’t be of any use to you."
 "Just come with me. I need someone I trust at my side."
 With some reluctance, Raella eventually relented. She exacted a promise from Ves to bring her along if he went on another adventure. Ves privately thought she might have to wait for years, as he didn’t plan to risk his life anytime soon.
 They boarded the Barracuda and made their way to Moira’s Paradise on a direct FTL transition. As a binary star system, it possessed a powerful pair of suns that made it relatively easy for the Barracuda to hone in on its coordinates. The corvette traversed the distance in a matter of days before reaching the edge of the star system.
 Another day went past as they corvette made its way to the inner system and descended onto one of the few artificial islands dotting the surface of Moira’s Paradise. They made it well in time before their cruise ship debarked from the island’s port.
 The massive submersible cruise ship looked like a starship with a streamlined shape. When Ves first caught sight of the Nautilus of the Deep, he found its scale to be as impressive as the luxury passenger ships plying the stars.
 Ves, Raella and Lucky joined an orderly line of well-dressed passengers before the ramp. Considering the ticket price, none of the people possessed average backgrounds. The line moved quickly as an army of attendants processed their tickets and checked over their belongings.
 Raella had to leave her pistol and her knife behind. The crew of the Nautilus took responsibility for their security for the most part, though Ves heard of tales where passengers resorted to fists.
 "Mr. Larkinson?" A uniformed attendant called once he boarded the ship. "My name is Georgina Black. I’ll be your first point of contact for your stay aboard the Nautilus of the Deep. If you have any concerns or requests, feel free to contact me in person or through my comm!"
 They exchanged comm contacts before Georgina led him to his cabin in the lower decks. For 300,000 credits, the room he appeared sufficiently lavish. It’s blue-gold embellishments added a deep-sea ambiance to the place. Ves and Raella handed their floating coffers to the cabin bots, which automatically sorted out their clothes and other belongings.
 "The Nautilus will depart in two hours. Please make your way to the middle observation deck at that time. We’ll be commencing the first part of our tour at that time."
 After mentioning a few other points of notice, Georgina left the guests to their devices. Raella already started to yawn. "It’s dull in here. Let’s visit the shopping boulevard!"
 The pair proceeded to enter the shopping boulevard set in the upper decks of the Nautilus. A transparent, retractable dome allowed strong sunlight to fall upon the boulevard. Plenty of guests have already set their sights on the luxury products in the displays. Raella pretty much raced towards the clothing stores.
 Meanwhile, Ves strolled through the electronics and gadget stores. All kinds of conveniences could be bought for a pretty sum. A couple of products had even been imported from the Coalition, such as comm modules that sold for 500,000 credits.
 The boulevards offered plenty of space for those who didn’t feel inclined to spend so much money. Kids ran around the open park areas while older boys tried to woo the girls they came across. Couples sat together admiring the statues and other artwork that enlivened the interior.
 Ves picked up a variety of accents from their conversations. He even caught a few Coalition speech patterns, most notably from the Carnegie Group. They possessed the most open culture within the Friday Coalition. It made sense that the more adventurous among them spent their holidays abroad where their purchasing power turned them into royals.
 "What would someone like Oleg think when he visits the Republic?"
 He’d probably be astounded by the lack of development of his state. The Bright Republic offered few prospects to elites like him. He deserved to perform on a greater stage.
 Ves milled around for a while but refrained from purchasing anything. Even if his company’s accounts strained with cash, the money should be spent on investments rather than useless consumer goods.
 Besides, sitting in the park watching people go about their lives relaxed him in a soothing way. Here, he could let down his worries and forget about the concerns that weighed him down.
 For the next ten days, Ves resolved to lay down his job as a mech designer and enjoy the sights like a normal tourist. Already he could feel the benefits of his decision to spend his time on Moira’s Paradise. The harmonious environment cleansed his mind and soothed away the stresses that had been accumulating without his notice.
 A tranquil mood settled in as Ves waited until Raella returned with a few bags of clothes. Ves had provided her with a generous allowance this time. After handing the bags off to a service bot that brought them back to their cabin, the pair followed the directions towards the middle observation deck.
 The Nautilus featured an extendable hump at the upper part of her hull that provided a commanding view of the artificial island and the boundless ocean. Ves and Raella arrived in time and met up with Georgina, who gathered up around thirty other passengers.
 "Alright, everyone is here!" The attendant clapped. "Welcome aboard the Nautilus of the Deep. As the most premier cruise ship on Moira’s Paradise, the Nautilus offers the highest level of comfort and protection to our guests. Again, if you have any concerns, please feel free to inform me. Now, without further ado, let us set off!"
 A low shudder ran throughout the massive ship. The Nautilus groaned before slowly edging away from her berth at the island’s port. With deceptive slowness, the massive cruise ship flung herself forward and built up a considerable amount of speed and momentum.
 As the island began to recede, a handful of aquatic mechs swam around the Nautilus. Their powerful jet engines easily kept up with the cruise ship’s massive starship-sized propulsion.
 After the excitement died down, Georgina detailed their schedule for the next ten days. "The Nautilus will be bringing you along some of the best sights our planet has to offer. In the first leg of our journey, we’ll be submerging ourselves into the Vermillion Sea. You’ll be able to see some of our many exotic creatures up close and learn why they are treasured by the galaxy!"
 A projection came into being that showed off some of these alien creatures. None of them appeared monstrous, which was likely a deliberate decision by the rulers of Moira’s Paradise. No need to scare the kids away.
 "Next, we’ll be visiting Fort MacLellan, a neutral, sovereign bulwark built to resist an alien invasion. Built and maintained by the MTA, this mobile, floating fortress features many advancements prevalent in the center of the galaxy. Much of its areas remains off-limits, but they offer limited access to vetted visitors. Not to worry, anyone who’s currently aboard our ship is already cleared."
 The projection showed an intimidating mass of construction the size of downtown Freslin. It was shaped like an oval and moved through the water with unknown means. Squads of aquatic mechs emerged from various launching points around the floating fortress.
 Its smooth, thick hull gave the illusion that MacLellan functioned like a turtle. Ves wasn’t fooled. Even as he recognized the precious exotic alloys used in its construction, he also spotted the outlines of giant, retractable hatches that undoubtedly covered enormous weapon emplacements.
 "Fort MacLellan also offers distinguished guests a tour of their first-class aquatic mechs. VIPs and those who pay a fee are granted greater privileges in this tour. Please check the details in the virtual guide that’s been sent to your comm."
 First-class mechs was an informal term that people used to refer to mechs built to the standards of a first-rate superstate. The vast majority of the mechs that Ves encountered in the Republic consisted of only third-class mechs, while the Coalition had it better with their second-class mechs.
 In truth, the designs utilized by Fort MacLellan consisted of bottom-tier first-class mechs. If any mech pilot showed up to a duel with a bottom-tier mech, they’d be laughed away before they get a chance to fight.
 Still, a pauper mech from a first-rate state turned into a kingly steed the moment it entered the galactic rim. Even Ves looked forward to seeing first-class mechs in the flesh.
 "After experiencing the majesty of the MTA, we’ll be descending to the deepest depths of the Vermillion Sea and arrive at Cava City, the entertainment capital of Moira’s Paradise. Cava city offers great opportunities for art enthusiasts in its sector-renowned museums. Fancy some shows from Cava City’s renowned theaters? Refer to the virtual guide and let us book your tickets on your behalf."
 Cava City offered much more than museum and plays. The place had become notorious for its freewheeling gambling and competitive aquatic mech scene. While Bentheim held the crown for landbound and aerial mechs, Moira’s Paradise was a mecca for amphibian and aquatic mechs.
 The Nautilus submerged after the guides finished their introductions. Ves noticed that the crew arranged different guides to different groups. Some preferred bots while others preferred no guide at all. The VIPs even had a full staff catering to their every needs.
 As for Ves, he preferred staying in a group. The surrounding people already started introducing themselves as they waited for the Nautilus to reach the required depths in the Vermillion Sea.
 Ves introduced himself as an independent mech designer, which didn’t raise a lot of eyebrows. There were bankers, socialites, shipping magnates and scientists among the crowd, and all of them occupied leadership positions of some capacity.
 Only a quarter of the tourists dealt directly with the mech industry. Ves found himself drawn to a conversation with a middle-aged shipping magnate named Eddie Zhang.
 "So you are predicting and abrupt collapse and rise of prices in exotics? How does that work?" Ves asked with evident confusion.
 "Mr. Larkinson, you speak of exotic minerals as if they are all the same. That’s a gross oversimplification of the market. The Komodo Star Sector is relatively barren in exotics in both quantity and variety. It’s the latter that’s been causing anxieties for us. Our neighboring Star Sectors are increasingly tightening the flow of exotics that’s been exported from the galactic heartland."
 "Are they growing hostile to us?"
 Eddie shook his head. "Nothing as nefarious as that. The Vicious Mountain and Majestic Teal Star Sectors have their own internal tension to deal with, so they are basically intercepting any shipments of exotics before they reach our sector. We’re the last kid in a very long line of hungry children, and the cafeteria only has so much bread to pass around."
 Ves found it ironic that a wealthy man like him with a net worth in the billions used such an allegory.
 "But the Komodo Star Sector still produces its own fair share of exotics, right?"
 "Yes, and the quantity is sufficient to meet the needs of the domestic industry, but certain types of minerals are too hard to come by. The Bright Republic doesn’t make too much use of these expensive imported exotics, but the Coalition and the Hexarchy will be badly affected when they find they can’t produce their high-quality second-class mechs in the desired quantities. Once that happens, the knock-on effects will resonate throughout the sector."
 "I see now." Ves could also think through the consequences. "Even though the second-class mechs require imported exotics to produce, they also take up a large share of locally sourced exotics. Once the mech manufacturers find themselves bottlenecked by decreasing imports, the local exotic resource market will end up in a glut of unsold exotics."
 That could be good and bad for the mech industry in the Republic. Certainly, Ves didn’t think it would be that simple and that the LMC would enjoy a reprieve from the rising cost of raw materials.
 All of these worries threatened to burden his holiday, so Ves avoided the topic of mechs. As the Nautilus started diving past various colonies of remarkable marine life, the guides started to explain their origin and their notable traits.
 "The spirellian spike fish is a notable species of carnivorous fish unique to the Komodo Star Sector. The spikes extending out of their bodies are not only incredibly tough, but they also enable the fishes to communicate with each other through extradimensional means. Larger schools of spike fishes are able to pool their power together, to the point where it has been proven that they have been communicating with another school of fish several light-years away."
 That required a school of over a million spike fishes, something that the spike fishes on Moira’s Paradise couldn’t sustain. It sure sounded impressive nonetheless. Seeing the spirellian spike fishes swim in unison in such a coordinated fashion hammered home the beauty of nature.
 Throughout the next two days, the Nautilus visited various reefs, volcanic vents and trenches. Each time, the passengers gazed wondrously at the exotic marine life making their homes there.
 One of the most notable exotic species consisted of fluorescent amoeba. They actively emitted a rainbow of colored light. These shapeless blob-like creatures not only looked resplendent in the dark, but also hid their thorns very deeply.
 "The suryean amoebae are notable for being one of the few species in the galaxy to have weaponized radioactivity. If they are provoked in any fashion, they will burn away most of their energy to flash an intense burst of radioactive light that will fatally affect their attackers. Most often, the amoeba in question will die, but others of its kind will feed on the remains and reproduce."
 Just when Ves thought he’d experienced enough exotic species, the aeliotonoc whales took him aback.
 "One of our most valuable exospecies consists of the aeliotonoc whales. These whale-shaped, eight-limbed creatures are actually genetic off-shoots of an the extinct sentient alien species called the Aylos. If you remember your history lessons, in their early expansion into the galaxy, the Terrans encountered the Aylos. While they were rather slow-witted, these sentient space whales developed a form of FTL that was leagues better than what humanity cobbled together on their own."
 The Terrans quickly found out that the Aylos tended to be pacifists, so they outright stole their FTL technology before waging war on them. Utilizing their new ships to their full advantage, they took the Aylos off-guard and wiped them out to the last whale.
 Communication between the two species had always been rough, but near the end of this genocide, humanity managed to develop some form of communication with the Aylos. At their final moment, the space whales made a desperate plea for their species to live on, rather than be wiped out from existence.
 Since humanity already occupied a commanding position, they assented to the request. Through extensive genetic manipulation, they developed the aeliotonoc whales from the carcass of the once-majestic Aylos species.
 Humanity saw it as a final humiliation for a species they vanquished, but the Aylos species considered it a continuation of their lineage.
 Nowadays, historians considered the war against the Aylos to be one of humanity’s most formative steps to dominating the galaxy. The anti-alien extremists in the Terran government increased their grip on power and began to pursue a policy of rapid expansion and aggression.
 This subsequently led to humanity’s greater expansion in their origin star sector. Even though they bumped into trouble when they bumped into a regional alien superpower, their boundless ferocity gave them a fighting chance.
 What startled Ves about the aeliotonoc whales was not their history, but their mental energy. As the Nautilus gently traversed along a colony of playful whales, his sixth sense started pinging with increased intensity.
 Each time a whale did something notable, his sixth sense spiked. The strange sensation totally rooted Ves in place. "How are these creatures so strong?"
 Every whale possessed an immense mental strength that Ves could hardly believe it at first. Yet despite the power locked in their bodies, the signals they put out was a mass of chaotic noise that easily blended into the background.
 "They’ve got all that strength, but they don’t know how to use it."
 Ves never really paid too much attention to the history of mankind’s early ascent into space. The Aylos species only formed a footnote in their long and contentious rise to the stars. If humanity hadn’t stolen their FTL technology and adapted it for their needs, the space whales would have been forgotten by all but the most obscure historians.
 Now, he took a second look at their history. What made these whales so remarkable that they needed so much mental strength? How strong were the original Aylos, and how did they utilize their powers?
 He approached Georgina when she finished her initial explanation. "Can you tell me more about the aeliotonoc whales?"
 "Certainly, Mr. Larkinson. Do you wish to know anything specific?"
 "What are the uses of the whales?" He asked.
 Every exotic species they encountered offered something useful to the planet. For example, Moira’s Paradise cultivated the spirellian spike fishes for their spikes to serve as substitute materials in the construction of quantum entanglement nodes.
 "Besides serving as a monument to mankind’s defeat of the Aylos, the aeliotonoc whales are harvested as ingredients for high-value psychotropic drugs. Many inexplicable mental conditions can be treated with these drugs."
 Georgina didn’t know much more about the drugs because it touched upon the core business of the transgalactic drug manufacturers.
 She knew more about the empathic nature of the aeliotonoc whales. As a near-sentient aquatic exospecies, the creatures demonstrated a remarkable capacity to bond with any humans they came across.
 All of this hinted that the whales possessed exceptional minds. Ves wished to get closer to the creatures, but Moira’s Paradise strictly prohibited contact with the aeliotonoc whales except for therapeutic purposes. The Nautilus only lingered for half an hour before its time was up.
 The cruise ship made its way deeper into the depths of the Vermillion Sea. Fort MacLellan ordinary drifted in the deepest trenches of the planet’s oceans.
 "The Nautilus will be arriving at Fort MacLellan tomorrow morning." Georgina explained. "Make sure to set your alarms and wake up early if you want to step foot inside the fortress. The MTA maintains a strict schedule and any latecomers will be refused at the gates if they arrive one second too late."
 "Why is the floating fortress drifting so deep? Won’t the pressure put a lot of stress on its shell?" A kid asked.
 Their tour guide smiled along with most of the adults. Almost everyone knew the answer. "That’s a good question! Think about what forts are supposed to do. Can you tell me why they have such thick and strong exteriors?"
 "So that they can bounce off attacks!"
 "Good! Now think about a fort in water and compare it to a fort in space. The latter is surrounded by vacuum, which is another word for empty space. If someone fires gun at the fort, the vacuum will do almost nothing to prevent it from reaching the fort. Now compare that to Fort MacLellan, which is many kilometers underwater. If you fire a gun from the surface of the ocean, it will only reach a short distance before the projectile loses power."
 "Oh, so all of this water is like another form of armor."
 "That’s right! The deeper you go, the more stuff you put between the fort and any attacks from space. In fact, aquatic planets are often considered fortress planets for their ability to hold off against a siege. That’s also the reason why the MTA decided to build Fort MacLellan here."
 A tourist with a military background added his own insights to the topic. "Floating fortresses are superior to underground fortresses because they are able to move around. The water already renders most forms of weapons of mass destruction ineffective. Lasers fired from battleships in orbit will get refracted while projectiles lose their momentum. Anything else that gets through will often lose their mark as the fortress has already drifted away."
 The floating fortresses also used other means to obscure their presence from wide-area scans. By hiding within the depths of the oceans, these fortresses forced invaders to allocate a lot of resources in combing the waters for their trails.
 Such a game of cat and mouse could drag on for years or even decades, making the invaders very miserable. In comparison, conventional underground fortresses were often found within weeks. Their inability to move made their presence obvious once the invaders brought powerful enough scanners.
 "So the fort will only be useful if aliens invade our state?"
 "Yes. Floating fortresses like Fort MacLellan takes a lot of resources to maintain. The Republic isn’t able to build one that is good enough to hide against conventional scanners."
 After answering a couple of other questions, Georgina left and the tour group dispersed. Just as Ves wondered if he should look up the space whales on the galactic net, Raella grabbed his arm and dragged him elsewhere.
 "Hey, what’s going on?"
 "I just found out that they’re holding a concert in one of the auditoriums. Do you know who’s performing? It’s Stellar Fantasy, yo! I can’t miss seeing them up close!"
 And so Ves spent the rest of the day attending a concert.
 The Nautilus of the Deep made her way towards the depths of Moira’s Paradise. In this age, humans preferred to live above blue skies and breathe fresh air, but some made do without them. On aquatic planets, the vast majority of the population lived underneath massive domes at the bottom of the oceans.
 Fort MacLellan differed from those static settlements by possessing both stealth and mobililty along with a very thick shell. Combined, these traits turned the floating citadel into one of the best protected bulwarks against external threats.
 As the Nautilus arrived at the right coordinates, a handful of fast marine shuttles descended onto the cruise ship. Heavily armed security officers in MTA colors scoured over the entire ship from top to bottom. Even Ves and Raella had to be subjected to a couple of scans.
 The pair had been cleared to enter Fort MacLellan, but Lucky had to be left behind.
 "Our apologies, Mr. Larkinson, but our scans can’t penetrate your mechanical companion. For safety reasons, it’s best to leave your pet behind."
 Ves acquiesced to the demand, especially since the Mech Trade Association guaranteed his security aboard the fort. Besides, if the MTA turned on him for any reason, he doubted Lucky could make a difference. Against the vast might of one of the two most powerful human organizations in the galaxy, nobody could afford to go against their will.
 When the fort came into view of the ship, everyone on the observation decks held their voices. The floating fortress appeared as a giant metallic egg with many segmented surface plates, all of which could be retracted to reveal weapon hardpoints or hangar entrances.
 At its current state, the fort hid its fangs, but its gigantic size loomed like a constant threat. An estimated fifty-thousand men and women manned the fort, enough to lockdown the entire planet if it stockpiled enough supplies.
 Once the Nautilus had been checked, the MTA started shuttling tourists over to the dormant egg. A small hatch opened up to allow the marine shuttles to enter the belly of the beast. A powerful energy screen kept the water at bay. Despite the immense pressure at this depth, the energy screen never flickered from the stress.
 Georgina gathered her tour group once the passengers exited the shuttles. She led them through a series of guarded checkpoints through depressing grey corridors.
 The entire interior appeared utilitarian to the extreme. Ves spotted hardly any artwork or decorations that could cheer up the people manning the fort. Every service member they passed by maintained dour expressions that spoke of complete dedication to the cause.
 "Even the Mech Corps isn’t as serious as these dummies." Raella carelessly remarked, which earned him a few glares from the other guests.
 It was never a good idea to disrespect the MTA, especially in the middle of one of their strongholds.
 "You may be wondering why the service members are unusually focused on their tasks." Georgina said when the atmosphere turned tense. "That is because they are exiled from the galactic center and have been forced to take up a post in the galactic rim. Essentially, they are not here by choice."
 "So is everyone here a constript? Isn’t that dangerous?"
 "Not everyone aboard the MacLellan is a conscript. Half are volunteers sourced from across the Komodo Star Sector. Once they signed up with the MTA, they formally renounced their citizenship to their former states and have become a true galactic citizen. Even if they don’t look like it, they all hold very strong fealty to the MTA."
 As an organization renowned across the galaxy, the MTA knew how to inspire loyalty in its people. Much of what actually happened inside its halls remained classified, but everyone knew that service members almost never turned against the organization.
 Some conspiracy theorists even thought that the MTA injected nanites in their members to influence their thoughts. Since such an act violated a fundamental taboo enforced by the very same organization, no one entertained such ideas.
 An MTA public relations officer met with Georgina at the end of a long series of corridors. Unlike most service members, the officer actually smiled.
 "Welcome aboard Fort MacLellan! For the next two days, I will be guiding you around the fort. Our first destination is just up ahead. Follow me."
 They followed the guide to a massive chamber that hosted a giant cannon barrel the size of a corvette. The sheer size of the thing underscored how powerful the fort could be if it ever bared its fangs.
 The PR officer began his speech. "Fort MacLellan hosts many advanced types of weapons, from pulse cannons to antimatter nukes. While I can’t speak about most of those armament, sometimes we find the simplest solution the best solution. This big boy here is a plain old gauss cannon that’s been scaled to fit our needs. Just like any weapon that works on electromagnetism, it propels a heavy alloy slug forward at unimaginable speeds. At the right depth, we can even crack a battlecruiser in half."
 Everyone got to enter the control room and witness simulations of the super-sized gauss cannon at work. A childish glee took over the guests as they pretended to hurl accelerated slugs at various simulated targets, all projected with an unprecedented level of realism.
 After everyone got a round with the cannon, the PR officer brought them along some other places.
 They dropped by the mess hall to experience first-class food.
 They visited one of the armories, where they got to hold some very advanced infantry weapons. Tourists who held weapon proficiencies even got to fire them in the practice range. Ves especially found the pulse rifles intriguing.
 Pulse weapons served as the standard weapon in the galactic center for its ability to deal both kinetic and thermal damage at the same time. As long as weapon developers paired the technology with sufficiently powerful energy cells and heatsinks, a pulse weapon vastly outlasted conventional ballistic weaponry.
 "I’m not a fan of rifles, but this rifle is really awesome!" Raella whooped with enthusiasm as she fired the rifle until it reached its heat capacity. A block of alloy at the range turned into a broken, half-molten mess. "I only drained ten percent of its batteries!"
 A lot of other people took note of this, prompting the PR officer to speak up. "Human technology has made enormous strides into increasing the density of our energy cells. In truth, the rifles you are holding are all equipped with the lowest tier of energy cells. It’s unfortunate that our heatsink technology hasn’t caught up with our needs. Normally, we allow the rifles to vent the heat or eject the sink and replace it with a cold one."
 The officer demonstrated the procedure. The spent heatsink came out red hot, to the point of distorting the air around it. If the officer didn’t wear a specialized glove, he would have burned his hands down to the bone.
 "The more you move to the center of the galaxy, the less restrictions we face in terms of power supply. A cutting-edge mech of the New Rubarth Empire can output enough energy to power a capital ship."
 That meant at minimum a battlecruiser, a capital ship crewed by thousands. Battlecruisers possessed enough armaments to wipe out every form of life on a planet such at Bentheim or Rittersberg. The notion that all of that power could be compressed in a single mech completely astounded Ves.
 "Does MacLellan have one of those mechs?"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "Sadly, no." The officer smiled as he shook his head. "Such mechs are extremely demanding in their fabrication and maintenance requirements. It would cost as much as the GDP of the Bright Republic to maintain a cutting-edge mech for a single year."
 Again, the tourists learned how little the Komodo Star Sector mattered in the greater scheme of things.
 "While we don’t have a cutting-edge mech to show off, we do have plenty of excellent first-class mechs to offer."
 They moved on to one of the many mech stables of Fort MacLellan. Even Ves looked forward to this part, as he had never come across an aquatic mech in his life.
 Everyone expressed their awe once they came across the mechs. Every mech looked like giant metallic fish. Only a couple of mechs adopted humanoid traits in their design.
 "Much like the aquatic mechs of the Bright Republic, our mech pilots favor hydrodynamic shapes over the increased flexibility of a humanoid aquatic mech design."
 "Why don’t aquatic mech pilots want arms?"
 "Oh, it’s not that they hate arms, but they bring more cons than pros when you fight underwater. In practice, the speeds at which aquatic mech combat occurs makes it difficult for a humanoid mech to swing its weapon. Mechs have to fight against the water before they can deal any damage to their opponents."
 Humanoid mechs also had a tendency to lose grip on their weapons at higher speeds. They had to lock their weapons to the frame through various means if the mech had to crank up their jet engines. Mech designers might as well adopt a fish-shaped design and embed the weapons along the frame in fixed hardpoints.
 "That’s not to say that humanoid aquatic mechs serve no use." The man quickly added. "Mechs face less pressure the closer they are to the surface of the ocean. Sometimes, aquatic mechs have to fight against enemies that are on the surface or in the air. Arms provide more flexibility than rigid hardpoints in this case."
 They got to visit both varieties of mechs. The first design consisted of a classic merman mech. It possessed a humanoid torso and a fish-like lower body. Its complicated arrangement of scales and flexible internal frame made the lower body as responsive as the body of a snake. It allowed the mech to maneuver through the water with a high degree of control.
 With a mech designer’s eye, Ves noted that the mech had been fabricated in an absolutely perfect state. Besides some evidence of routine wear and tear, the mech appeared flawless. Other copies of the same model exhibited the same traits.
 "How are these mechs produced?" He asked, unable to contain his curiosity. "They don’t look like they’ve been fabricated and assembled with ordinary means."
 "That’s because we don’t fabricate the mechs, we materialize them." The PR officer smiled with pride. "Each design is reproduced from atom to atom with a materializer. You’d have to bring up a lab-grade scanner to notice any discrepancies from the mech and its original design."
 "How fast is this process?"
 "Oh, it’s fairly fast. The best equipment can materialize a mech in less than an hour. Materialization is our most advanced means of producing mechs. Still, it will likely take several hundred years for the technology to proliferate to this corner of the galaxy, as materializers demand a lot of power to run."
 While the technology sounded impressive, Ves found the results to be less than stellar. The mechs appeared completely dead to his senses. Even when he strained his Sixth Sense, he encountered nothing but silence.
 Even the sloppiest fabricated mech carried some remains from the people who worked on the machine. Ves had never encountered a mech that felt more dead than these aquatic mechs.
 A normal mech fabricated by his competitors at least showed some potential for life. Even if their X-Factor ended up in a stillborn state, it still left some remnants that possessed a chance to be revived.
 A mech that had been materialized lacked this possibility. The influence of any single human being had been diminished to the point where he had to activate a single command on a materializer. Once he lifted his finger, the materializer did the rest of the work, reproducing the design from atom to atom with precision that only machines could accomplish.
 "The future of manufacturing technology is becoming increasingly more soulless." Ves lamented quietly.
 The pursuit of speed, efficiency and precision had no limits. Human beings imposed many constraints on these goals, as their wobbly limbs, slow reaction speeds and questionable judgement made it difficult to ensure a perfect production run.
 Personal craftsmanship became increasingly more irrelevant in the face of better technology. Ves took a final look at the merman mech and turned away. He completely lost his appetite for MacLellan’s mechs.
 Beyond the childlike fascination of witnessing humanity latest toys at work, Ves thought the visit to Fort MacLellan served another purpose. There was no reason for the MTA to show off its might to the well-heeled tourists of the Nautilus than to put them in their place.
 For Ves, the visit reminded him that the states in the Komodo Star Sector meant nothing to the MTA. As far as they were concerned, the conflicts between the states resembled toddlers fighting over a favored toy.
 Still, even the MTA and CFA had their limits. Even though they made a lot of strides in binding the fractured human states together, they never attempted to unite all of humanity into a single galactic empire.
 History had shown that such a cause often ended with disaster. Nowadays, the galaxy was big enough to accomodate all kinds of rulers and states. The existences of countless kingdoms, republics, federations, alliances and more attested to the diversity of their race.
 After touring a couple more aquatic mechs and other curiosities, the tourists shuttled back to the Nautilus. The final leg of the holiday consisted of a three-long visit to Cava City, the party capital of Moira’s Paradise.
 The tour organizers offered a lot of options for the passengers to choose. Some preferred to visit the city’s seedy gambling dens while others preferred the city’s fantastic art scene.
 Raella wanted to attend a high-profile aquatic mech duel tournament. Ves on the other hand wanted to find some inspiration by paying a visit to the city’s many museums.
 "Cava City isn’t safe. We shouldn’t split up."
 "Oh, come on Ves, why do you have to visit those boring museums? If you want to admire some artwork, why don’t you look them up from your terminal?"
 "A projection is no substitute for the real thing."
 "That’s what artsy design folk like you would say. To me, it makes no difference!"
 They argued a bit but Ves had the upper hand since he paid all the bills. Ves only relented a bit by promising to spend one day at the arena before going off to the museums and art galleries.
 "As far as I’m concerned, you’re wasting your time." Raella remarked with a touch of spite in her tone.
 "Culture is never a waste of time." Ves replied as he registered their plans to the tour operators. They’d receive their priority tickets within the hour. "It takes a lot of creativity to come up with a good design. They don’t fall off the sky like apples from a tree."
 A mech designer had to come up with something creative in order to make a splash in the market. Many of his rivals forgot about this rule and published generic designs that competed in the same saturated market segments. They’d never be able to beat the mainstream models that have gone through countless rounds of optimization.
 As the Nautilus traversed along the bottom of the ocean, Ves considered whether he’d benefit from spending his DP. He eyed his Status and his stagnant Attributes and considered whether to invest in candies that upgraded his Creativity.
 [Status]
 Name: Ves Larkinson
 Profession: Apprentice Mech Designer
 Specializations: None
 Design Points: 112,530
 Attributes
 Strength: 1.3
 Dexterity: 0.8
 Endurance: 1.9
 Intelligence: 1.8
 Creativity: 1
 Concentration: 1.7
 Neural Aptitude: F
 Skills
 [Assembly]: Apprentice - [3D Printer Proficiency III] [Assembler Proficiency III]
 [Battle Mechatronics]: Apprentice
 [Business]: Apprentice
 [Computer Science]: Incompetent
 [Electrical Engineering]: Apprentice - [Structural Pathway Configuration II]
 [Mathematics]: Journeyman
 [Mechanics]: Journeyman - [Jury Rigging III] [Speed Tuning III]
 [Metallurgy]: Journeyman - [Alloy Compression II]
 [Metaphysics]: Incompetent
 [Physics]: Journeyman - [Directed Energy Weapon Optimization II] [Lightweight Armor Optimization I] [Mediumweight Armor Optimization III] [Melee Weapon Optimization II]
 [Salvaging]: Apprentice
 [Signals and Communications]: Apprentice
 Abilities
 [Superpublish]: Available. Can be activated once a year.
 Evaluation: A post-human mech designer with a random collection of Skills.
 Over the months, his physique had stabilized at their current levels. With an endurance of 1.9, his body performed close to the genetic limit of the human race. His strength had also decreased by a significant margin.
 For now, Ves ignored his physical Attributes and focused on his mental ones.
 "There should be a reason why the System includes Creativity in its Status page."
 The industry often repeated the phrase that designing mechs was both an art and a science. Now that Ves faced the prospect of designing his first original mech, he became aware of the importance of those words.
 "It’s never wrong to invest in my mind.
 With a stockpile of over 100,000 DP, Ves had the points to spare. He decided to upgrade his Creativity first. Right now, Ves merely wished to improve his capability to appreciate art.
 Ves checked whether his Privacy Shield still worked before purchasing a bunch of candies. "Come on, System, give me the candies!"
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,000 Design Points
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,100 Design Points
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,200 Design Points
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,300 Design Points
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,400 Design Points
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,500 Design Points
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,600 Design Points
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,700 Design Points
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1,800 Design Points
 The candies materialized before him. Ves had never figured out how the System did that, but now that he learned about materialization, he started to foster some suspicions. He looked at his form-fitting comm resting on his wrist, but no matter how much he stared at it, he couldn’t believe it actually packed such a wondrous piece of technology.
 Since the System maintained its silence, Ves simply shrugged and started swallowing the candies one after another.
 The candies worked their magic in a gentle fashion. Ves found it hard to describe the transformation in his mind. It was as if a gentle breeze blew into his mindscape. Wherever it passed, flowers bloomed and animals grew.
 The difference between a Creativity score of 1.0 and 1.9 quickly became apparent. His mind bloomed with possibilities. Ves found it difficult to hold his focus as his senses ceaselessly stimulated his imagination.
 Things ceased to become things.
 They became something more.
 For example, when Ves looked at a half-empty glass of water sitting on the table, his mind started to go off a tangent about its origins. The glass possessed an exquisite design, but Ves could tell it had been mass produced.
 He imagined some dirty factory on some rusted planet that had pumped out these glasses on the cheap. His mind made up the tragic backstories of the handful of workers whose job entailed looking after the bots that did the actual work and cleaning up after their messes if they screwed up.
 Even the water itself sent his mind into a wild story about how some primordial comet traversed the stars for billions of years before it fell into Moira’s Paradise. The Nautilus of the Deep sucked up some of the fallen comet’s water molecules out of pure coincidence.
 "I’ve got to get a grip on my mind!" Ves clenched his teeth as he attempted to stop his overactive imagination. "My mind works for me, not the other way around!"
 In the end, Ves had to employ his considerable concentration to force his imagination back. He maintained his highly focused state throughout the day until his imagination started to relent.
 "That could have been dangerous for me." Ves wiped the sweat from his forehead. "Maybe I should show more consideration for balancing my attributes."
 If he didn’t possess a strong concentration, then he might have gotten lost in his own world. Ves never imagined that upgrading his Creativity could lead to such a dangerous result.
 "The mind is a sensitive domain. I should be more prudent about it. I should stop swallowing all of the candies at once at the very least."
 He’d become too complacent of its relatively mild effects. The candies appeared trivial compared to gene boosts that came with very strong side effects.
 The ordeal forced him to pause his plans to upgrade his other Skills and Attributes. He had a sense that his imagination still needed to be tamed. Right now, Ves felt as if he birthed an uncontrollable monster in his mind. Without a leash, it could wreak havoc with his mentality.
 For the rest of the day, Ves rested in his cabin, only coming out for meals and such. Meanwhile, the Nautilus continued her journey to Cava City without stop. By the time Ves recovered sufficiently to leave his cabin, the cruise ship reached her destination.
 "The city looks huge." Raella uttered as she stared out from the observation deck.
 "Millions of people live and work in Cava City. Of course it’s huge."
 Massive transparent domes littered the bottom of the Vermillion Sea. The domes kept the water out from the man-made construction contained inside. If Cava City faced a threat, the domes could even be covered by armored shutters made out of bulk exotic alloys.
 To make their surroundings more attractive, Cava City spent a lot of effort in transforming its surroundings. Powerful lights illuminated the strange and colorful marine flora around the domes. Aesthetically pleasing fish and other marine life made their homes among these alien plants.
 Despite the immense pressure at this depth, the plants and fish swayed leisurely along the currents. All the biodiversity gave Cava City the impression of an underwater kingdom.
 The Nautilus arrived at a bustling port that hosted many other ships. Once the ship established a connection with the structure, the passengers entered the city in a figurative horde.
 Ves entered the city with Raella and Lucky in tow. This time, his cat got to enjoy the sights as well. His cat purred with pleasure once Ves brought him out of the familiar confines of the Nautilus.
 Mindful of his security, he also brought along a pair of guards. The cruise organization maintained a partnership with a local security firm that regularly hired out its guards to the passengers of the Nautilus. Ves had to pay an extra fee to get some piece of mind.
 Once they stepped out into the nearest dome, they looked around and admired the dynamic structure and the lights flashing from their surface.
 "It’s so wild here. I like it!" Raella grinned.
 "Strange. There’s no mechs in sight."
 "That’s because mechs are prohibited from operating inside the domes." A nearby tourist responded to Ves. "Think of how much damage a rogue mech can do. If they’re powerful enough, they can even crack the dome above our heads!"
 Ves and Raella shuddered a bit at the thought. Ves had it worse as his overactive imagination started to spark a very vivid image of what a catastrophe a cracked dome could be.
 "I guess that makes a lot of sense."
 Even though they constantly faced the risk of a malfunctioning dome, Ves still felt safer in Cava City. The lack of mechs meant that Ves still had a fighting chance if another incident occurred.
 One of their guards flagged an aircar. Once they hopped inside, the car brought them to their first destination. The car entered an underground passage filled to the brim with other vehicles and leisurely passed underneath a dozen domes before reaching the busiest one.
 "Welcome to Cava City’s mech district!" An invisible transmitter greeted the new arrivals as they stepped out from their aircars. "Enjoy your stay but be mindful of the rules!"
 Several flashing warning signs posted at the exit the of the parking area emphasized the rules again.
 The rules basically boiled down to one thing: no active mechs allowed on the streets.
 "Do people break these rules?" Ves asked his guards.
 "It happens more often than you think, Mr. Larkinson. Emotions run high during some of the duels. Sometimes the mech athletes put themselves under debt in order to compete at the stage. If they lose, they stand to lose everything."
 The explanation showcased the darker side to dueling scene. Raella shook her head in pity. "A lot of people don’t realize how much credits it takes to run a dueling team. There’s always kids entering the amateur circuit who think they can get by with their skills alone."
 "What happens next?"
 "They find out they’re not as big of a deal as they thought. Some duelists are quicker to realize this lesson than others. Those who hold on to their delusions either have the skill to back up their confidence, or become ruined within a year."
 A large and boisterous crowd waited before the biggest mech arena in the mech district. As a fully developed aquatic planet, Moira’s Paradise hosted a robust mech scene that revolved completely around aquatic mechs.
 Fans of the aquatic variant of mech duels favored their brutality. The estimated mortality rate in an aquatic duel was five times higher than normal due to several factors.
 First, the water pressure often killed off the pilots if the cockpit incurred minor damage. If the cockpit’s automated self-repair systems couldn’t fix the crack in time, that tiny crack could quickly grow into a massive breach.
 Aquatic mech duels therefore came in two flavors. Low pressure aquatic mech duels occurred in conditions that simulated a depth of up to a hundred meters, while high pressure mech duels adopted a depth of at least ten kilometers. People often considered the former to be a stepping stone for the latter.
 "Low pressure duels are fast and rely a lot on reflexes. While you need to master a lot of specialized skills to do well in these duels, there’s not a lot of money to be made in this circuit." Raella explained as they entered the arena’s VIP gate.
 "So it’s kind of like the kiddie version of the real duels?"
 "Yup. The high pressure duels is where the real action can be found. The mechs there are larger and slower, so the mech pilots have to move deliberately and with forethought. Every action matters and one mistake can spell a fatal end. It’s a high pressure environment in more than one way, you could say."
 "That sounds stupid. Why won’t the organizers make things safer for the mech athletes?"
 Ves didn’t understand why anyone would be willing to compete in a high pressure aquatic duel. The high risks associated with these duels ensured that you might never come home after a match.
 Even veteran mech athletes with a decade of experience occasionally died. Fatal accidents could happen to anyone at any moment.
 "Fans pay a lot more to attend these kinds of events. Aquatic mech teams earn a ton of money if they’re halfway decent, though they have to spend even more to repair their mechs."
 Aquatic mechs outmassed their landborn forms by a significant amount, so it cost a lot of resources to produce and maintain these beasts. While these mechs featured a high degree of compartmentalization, any breached sections had to be written off, which added to the costs.
 Once the gate personnel processed their tickets, a uniform attendant guided them to a private room that hovered above the arena. Around two thousand floating rooms surrounded the massive arena. Aquatic mechs required a lot of space to bring out their full strengths so the amount of space dedicated to this sole arena exceeded his imaginations.
 Lucky made himself comfortable on a nearby sofa while Ves tinkered with the control terminal. Its various settings allowed him to project multiple angles at the same time. It also allowed him to relocate his floating room.
 Ves lowered his room so that it almost went up to the transparent dome that enveloped the pressurized dueling ring.
 "When will the action start?"
 "The first duel starts in half an hour. Would you like some refreshments?"
 They ordered some drinks and waited for the arena to fill up. The VIPs entered the floating rooms and started moving them to their preferred positions. As for the regular folk, they had to make do with the bleachers.
 A lot of people already arrived early, and in the time that remained, the seats became filled to the brim. Over half-a-million people came to watch the upcoming series of duels.
 "What’s happening today?"
 "Don’t you know?" Raella looked at Ves as if he was an idiot. "It’s the finals of the Sea Crown Tournament! Two of the best aquatic mech teams are going to duke it out in a series of five 1-on-1 mech duels!"
 The Cava City Sea Dragons enjoyed a long and illustrious track record ever since they became the city’s hometown team. They won the Sea Crown for three years in a row already.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 As the challengers, the Velton Myrmidons faced an uphill battle in the coming finals, but a lot of people rooted for the underdogs. With their young team of highly talented athletes, it remained to be seen whether they could beat the odds.
 "Who will you support?"
 "The Myrmidons, of course! The Sea Dragons are good, but their previous team captain retired recently. This is the best opportunity for the Myrmidons to take the Crown from the Dragons!"
 The spectacle finally began when a pair of announcers came into view.
 "Welcome ladies and gentleman to the crowning event of Cava City! Today, the Cava City Sea Dragons will be defending their title against the ambitious Velton Myrmidons!"
 Two-thirds of the crowd stood up. "Sea Dragons!"
 The supporters of the challengers also rooted for their team. "Myrmidons!"
 The sheer amount of energy in the air fueled a frenetic atmosphere that called for blood. Even Ves got caught up in the excitement. Just like Raella, he looked forward to the upcoming clash.
 "The team leaders have submitted their final lineups! First up, the Red Kraken will get the chance to avenge his miserable defeat at the hands of the Unstoppable Juggernaut!"
 People often referred to the top athletes by their nicknames. The names also helped outsiders like Ves get a sense on the piloting style of the individual duelists.
 After a lot of pomp and ceremony, the pressurized arena ring started to churn.
 A hatch opened up to let in the Red Kraken of the Myrmidons. Like its namesake, it had been designed to mimic the mythical kraken. With its eight articulating limbs and a host of hooks and other nasty surprises, the monstrous mech possessed plenty of tools to dismantle an opponent within its grasp.
 The Sea Dragons sent out a more traditional aquatic mech. The Unstoppable Juggernaut piloted a hammerhead shark-shaped mech. Different from its organic counterpart, the Sea Dragon mech featured a thicker and more robust head that had been designed for collision.
 "That hammerhead mech must be expensive to maintain." Ves astutely noted. "The mech technicians in charge of maintaining that mech must be hating it with a vengeance."
 Raella browsed the records of the Juggernaut. "You aren’t wrong, but the Juggernaut and his mech is one of the best aquatic mech duelists in Cava City. Every opponent he meets on the ring has to respect his devastating rush."
 Whatever damage the Juggernaut incurred, his opponent’s mech likely fared worse. Such a mutually destructive game of chicken led to expensive repair bills for both sides. The Juggernaut only remained viable because he enjoyed the support of a well-funded team and the crowd loved his antics.
 "A lot of viewers from the Republic tune in when he enters the stage."
 "What about his life expectancy?"
 Raella shrugged. No one really cared about the danger when a spectacle was involved.
 In any base, the round began. The churning waters made it difficult for both mechs to hold their course, but as their jets powered up, they started to gain more control.
 Both mechs circled around each other. Despite the Juggernaut’s focus on collisions, his mech incorporated a small miniature torpedo launcher that he used to send out some harassing fire.
 The Red Kraken intercepted most of the torpedoes by firing out short-ranged spikes from the main torso of his octopus mech.
 The hammerhead mech took the opportunity to close in for its first charge. It revved up its engines and its short-range aquatic boosters to propel itself forward like a missile in flight.
 "Too early!" Raella shouted.
 Even if the Red Kraken focused on taking out the torpedoes, he didn’t forget to keep an eye on his opponent. The Kraken smoothly dashed his mech aside, dodging the first attempt with ease.
 The Juggernaut didn’t take the failure to heart and steered his mech into a lazy circle to maintain some momentum.
 Both mechs incurred no damage at all so far. Since the Red Kraken piloted a relatively immobile mech, he didn’t bother to chase after the hammerhead mech. Instead, he positioned his mech at the side of the dome where he’d be able to limit the angles of approach of his opponent.
 The tension ratcheted up. Everyone waited for the Juggernaut to make a move. As the duelist with the faster mech, he had to take action within the next couple of minutes.
 "Why is he holding back?" Ves asked.
 "His mech is very one-dimensional. Besides his mini-torpedoes, he doesn’t have any other ranged options. The only way he can avoid a loss is if he keeps moving. He has to find the right angle and moment to charge in order to maximize his success for a collision."
 The match turned into a standoff as the Juggernaut refrained from going in. Ves couldn’t imagine how much pressure the duelists faced.
 "He’s moving!"
 The Juggernaut finally chose to move, turning his circling trajectory into a straight path towards the octopus mech. As the hammerhead bore down on its target, it initiated its short-range boosters at full strength, closing the gap at such a speed that the Red Kraken only had seconds to respond.
 He juked his octopus mech upwards at just the right time to dodge the charge!
 Just as Ves thought the hammerhead mech would miss its target and collide against the edge of the dome, the Juggernaut made a split-second move. The hammerhead mech cut off most of its forward jets and activated the auxiliary boosters attached to the bottom side of its frame. In addition, a large fin-shaped spike slid out from its upper frame!
 The Juggernaut turned his mech’s forward charge into an uppercut strike that savaged the octopus mech from below, slicing away two of its tentacles in that single pass!
 The crowd went wild! Even Raella whooped at the move. "Kudos to the mech designer of that Sea Dragon mech!"
 Even Ves admired the modifications put into the mech. Mech designers in the employ of a competitive dueling team often changed the designs of their mechs to keep them fresh.
 A lazy team risked an awful loss if they used the exact same mechs for all of its matches. Their opponents could easily analyze the weak points of their designs and practice fighting against them in countless simulations.
 Still, the Juggernaut lost his momentum after making such a drastic change of course. Before he could move his mech away, the Red Kraken pounced at the stalling hammerhead mech.
 His octopus mech engaged his own short-ranged boosters and moved to envelop the hammerhead mech with its six remaining tentacles.
 "Ohh! What a misplay by the Juggernaut! He failed to move away in time. Now his mech has become entangled!
 Even as the hammerhead mech cranked up its engines, the octopus mech solidified its grip on its raging prey. Its six tentacles managed to clasp the hammerhead mech tightly before it could force its way out of the trap.
 Saws, spikes and other cutting implements emerged from the tentacles and started to rail against the armor of the Juggernaut’s mech. Even with its thick, shock-absorbing armor, the ceaseless grind from the Kraken started weakening its weak points.
 After a solid minute of thrashing, the Kraken cut its way through the side armor! The water pressure enlarged the breach and crushed the internals in that compartment. The hammerhead mech lost ten percent of its power!
 Even as the Kraken continued to exploit more weak points, the Juggernaut gave up on disentangling the tentacles. Instead, his hammerhead mech engaged its short-ranged boosters for the last time, propelling both entangled mechs against the surface of the dome!
 Crack!
 The main torso of the octopus mech collided against the dome head-first! Even after such a shock, the Red Kraken still continued to cut apart his prey, managing to cut open another compartment!
 Both of the duellists raced against time. Would the Red Kraken disable the Juggernaut fast enough before his opponent bashed his octopus mech into pieces?
 The duel turned violent as both mechs suffered continuous damage.
 CRACK!
 In the end, the octopus mech succumbed to its wounds. Its tentacles started to lose their strength and the vital central torso suffered critical damage to its power reactor. The Red Kraken quickly conceded before the damage reached his cockpit.
 "The Red Kraken transmitted his surrender! The first round goes to the Sea Dragons!"
 As the spectators stood up to cheer for their teams, Ves sank back in his seat and shook his head. The hammerhead mech had been built like a tank so it could take a lot more abuse. The Red Kraken should have let go instead of holding on so stubbornly.
 "It’s a bad matchup for the Red Kraken." Raella noted a little glumly. Her adopted team lost the first round, after all. "Of all the opponents he could duel, he faced off against the heaviest aquatic mech."
 In a best-of-five, the Myrmidons already fell behind! They couldn’t afford another loss if they hoped to obtain the prestigious Sea Crown!
 The second round commenced after various bots cleaned up all the debris from the pressurized arena ring. Two very different aquatic mechs emerged from the hatches.
 The Cava City Sea Dragons sent out a stubby eel-like mech. The announcers already laid out their predictions.
 "Slippery Winston has entered the stage! Will the third-strongest member of the Sea Dragons deliver another victory for his team?"
 "Not very likely in my eyes, as the Velton Myrmidons mean business this time! Look who they brought into the ring!"
 The Myrmidon supporters among the crowd erupted in support of the mech athlete who entered.
 "Firebreather! Firebreather! Firebreather!"
 Unlike other aquatic mechs, Firebreather’s mech took on a shape that didn’t resemble any terrestrial animals. From the commentary the announcers provided, Ves learned that the designer adopted an original shape that didn’t resemble any Terran or exo creature.
 If Ves had to describe Firebreather’s mech, he’d say it resembled an octagonal honeycomb. Its symmetrical angular sides all featured octagonal-shaped armor plating. Besides functioning as modular armor, the armor plating also camouflaged the placements of thrusters, boosters and weapon hardpoints.
 The logic of its unusual design became evident once the round commenced. The eel mech approached the octagon mech, slithering forth with electric grace. Sparks of current ran throughout its frame, making it obvious that tangling with it up close was a bad idea.
 Slippery Winston started off the engagement by launching a pair of high-powered harpoons at the octagon mech. Both of them puncturered through the octagon mech’s relatively weak plating.
 "Firebreather got harpooned! But will it stick?"
 A strong current ran through the cables between the harpoons and the eel mech. Yet before it could do much damage, a spark of liquid heat erupted from the affected side of the octagon mech. The cables melted apart, freeing Firebreather from the electric attack.
 The octagon mech started to spin a bit and present an undamaged side to the eel mech. Its strange shape gave the mech a lot of options as it possessed an array of weapons and thrusters at each side. Constraints in disposable space limited their power, but the enormous redundancy gave the mech a lot of options.
 Not content to sit back and let Slippery Winston out of his grasp, Firebreather sent his mech forward and fired off volleys of short-ranged heat attacks.
 Even if Slippery Winston gained his fame for his ability to dodge all kinds of attacks, the wide area heat sprays proved extremely difficult to avoid. His eel mech specialized in agility, but its top speed left something to be desired.
 "It’s like a battle between a striker and a skirmisher." Raella noted. "Except this skirmisher is a little slow."
 "It’s hard to design an aquatic mech that can go faster under these circumstances."
 Mech designers had to allocate an exponential amount of power to mobility if they wished to make an aquatic mech go faster. Thus, most deep sea designs emphasized agility and power over pure speed.
 Right now, Slippery Winston’s eel mech started to looked cooked as its armor plating started to break down from the continuous exposure to heat. The duellist of the Sea Dragons attempted to fight back by launching harpoons and missiles, but the octagon mech’s ridiculous amount of redundancy made it look like they fell into an endless hole.
 "This match is over." Ves predicted. He could tell that the eel mech didn’t have much in store except to go all in.
 Ordinarily, such a move would be best as it could use its deadly electrical currents to fry its prey from within.
 Slippery Winston must have realized his predicament. As his eel mech started to get cornered, he finally stopped avoiding the attacks and dove head-first into the octagon mech.
 "Oh, Winston is going in! Will this be the end?"
 "He’s falling right into Firebreather’s hands!"
 The octagon mech blasted out a giant spray of heated liquids that struck the eel mech head-on. The sheer amount of heat distorted the water around them, but Ves could see that Slippery Winston cleverly rotated his mech to spread the damage over its frame.
 However, the octagon mech kept pumping out a constant torrent of thermal energy. Firebreather decided to dump his full arsenal at this moment, which rapidly degraded Winston’s mech.
 Yet the eel mech still persisted under these circumstances. It used the tail end of its frame to lash against the octagon mech, smashing aside the armor at those spots.
 The two mechs continued to batter at each other, hoping to force their opponent to concede first. The contest of endurance turned into a contest of wills. Whoever lost their nerve first would be savaged by the pumped up crowd!
 Even Raella clenched her fists at the action underneath their floating room. "Get closer!"
 "I can’t. There’s too many rooms in the way!"
 A whole pile of floating rooms had congregated around the side where the fighting took place. The VIPs all wanted to get close to see the outcome of this decisive moment with their very own eyes.
 Moments like these reminded Ves why he adored mechs. The visceral combat stimulated the primitive part of his brain that craved for blood. For all humanity pretended to be civilized, deep down they still let themselves be ruled by the instincts that evolution had been slow to erase.
 The sense that he lost his purpose started to fade as he got caught up in the fight. He made an important realization during this match.
 "Mechs embody violence."
 When Ves recently worked on his limited edition mechs, he explicitly designed them to be display models. While there was nothing wrong with designing mechs for peaceful purposes, it should never be his primary focus.
 A real mech should be bred for war. Any refinements that Ves chose to add to his mechs should never overshadow their primary purpose of destroying their enemies.
 The duel reached its final stages when the octagon mech managed to burn a large gap in the frame of the eel mech. Firebreather instantly capitalized on the weak point by focusing all of his heat attacks on that spot!
 A low boom echoed from the dome as something critical inside Slippery Winston’s mech exploded! The disruption caused by that explosion opened up the insides of his eel mech to water, which quickly crushed the delicate internals inside the affected compartments.
 The referees forced a halt to the fighting because Winston had been knocked unconscious from the sudden shock. Fortunately, his cockpit’s integrity remained intact, so he escaped from the duel with his life intact.
 Ves lost interest in the tournament at this point. The subsequent matches proceeded rather tamely as the mech athletes played conservatively and dragged out the time. None of them wanted to end up like Slippery Winston.
 Even Raella started to yawn when the standoff between two shark-like mechs went on for more than fifteen minutes. Both mechs primarily relied on spikes and torpedoes to harass their opponents to death.
 Only the dedicated fans remained excited for their adopted teams. Ves stopped caring about the outcome and instead focused on the mechs themselves.
 All of the mechs he had seen so far possessed a spark of life. Ves could tell that each mech adopted a unique design that had gone through numerous evolutions. Each time they sustained significant damage, their designers tweaked the designs so that the mechs fared a little better next time.
 They were very much opposite to the clinically clean and lifeless machines of the MTA. Mechs produced through materialization paid for their perfection with their souls. Even if they delivered superior performance over mechs produced through fabrication, Ves wondered if they represented the answer to making better mechs.
 It depended on the potential of the X-Factor. Ves only scratched the surface with this metaphysical phenomenon. He suspected that a stronger X-Factor might have dramatic effects, but he was years away from another breakthrough. At his current level of progress, achieving those levels seemed far away.
 "What do you think about materialized mechs?" Ves asked his cousin out of the blue.
 "You mean that fancy new production technique from the galactic center? It sounds like it’s really expensive. I’ll probably be dead before materialized mechs become mainstream in our neighborhood."
 "Do you think they’re better?"
 "Of course! It’s more expensive, so it must be worth the money, right?"
 Her answer revealed that Raella didn’t know much about mech production. A mech pilot like her wouldn’t know the difference.
 Would Ves still have a place in a future where materialization became reasonable enough to take over the galactic rim? If mech pilots started to become more exacting about their demands, then Ves expected to face a lot of difficulty trying to achieve the inhuman level of quality that materialization easily provided.
 Something started to crystallize in his mind as he wrestled over this issue. Ves had always been fascinated by the X-Factor. Since he already achieved some progress, he owed it to himself and the System to see this journey through.
 Even if materialization came with many benefits, it could not replace the fundamental value of plain-old craftsmanship. Mechs should come with a human touch.
 His newfound conviction seemed to cleanse his mind once again. Rather than regard materialization as an inevitability or a looming threat, he treated it as an alternative that he already ruled out.
 If the mech market progressed in a way that favored materialized mechs, then Ves would continue to fight for mechs produced through more traditional ways.
 He’d prop up his own market if he had to.
 That was not to say that he aimed to fight against this technology. Materialization offered a lot of benefits in other industries that had always been chasing after zero errors. Progress couldn’t be stopped once it was unleashed. The mech industry as a whole stood to gain a lot from this method of production as well.
 "Not everyone cares for a handmade mech."
 The vast majority of mechs sold today consisted of cheap, mass-produced mechs. Once materialization became more affordable, the lower end of the market should gain a lot of benefits as the overall quality went up.
 The Sea Crown Tournament reached its final act as the Sea Dragons and the Myrmidons went even with each other. Both teams eked out two wins, beating most people’s expectations that the reigning champions would easily steamroll the challengers.
 Ves regained his interest in the tournament once the final round commenced. Both teams sent out their team captains for this decisive match.
 "Jackknife Jake is carrying the final hopes of the Myrmidons! Will he be able to deliver on the promise he made to his fans, or will he return to Velton with empty hands?"
 "Not if the Sea King has anything to say about it! With over nine years of duelling experience, the King has reigned over our planet for three consecutive years as he led the Sea Dragons to victory time and time again!"
 Jackknife Jake piloted a medium-sized angular fish mech with lots of retractable weapon hardpoints. Ves could tell his mech relied on hit-and-run attacks with its sharpened fins to grind his opponents down.
 In contrast, the Sea King piloted a sea dragon-shaped mech. The extravagant machine had clearly been designed to evoke a sense of majesty, as if it was a given that the Sea King should reign over Moira’s Paradise. Its design achieved an optimal balance between power and flexibility. Its two claws added a lot of extra options to the Sea King’s arsenal.
 "Jake!" The Sea King broadcasted through an open channel which the arena passed on to the crowd. "Your team did well this year, but your lucky streak has come to an end. You’ve never defeated me before. The outcome is already set!"
 The team captain of the Myrmidons responded, if only to please his supporters. "Boast after you win, not before! I’ve crawled through countless rivals to get to this point, beating expectations along the way. Even if you have the better machine, nothing is ever set in stone!"
 While Jackknife Jake piloted a very good aquatic mech, the amount of money invested into the sea dragon mech beggared the mind. From what Ves could tell, the Sea King’s mech was worth at least three times as much as Jackknife Jake’s machine.
 "Is the outcome already determined?" Ves softly asked to himself. Personally, he found the Sea King’s attitude to be repulsive. He started to root for the Myrmidons again. "Come on, Jake, show him what a better pilot can do!"
 Despite the disparity in value between the two mechs, the outcome of the match was still in doubt.
 Jackknife Jake’s bladed fish mech possessed superior speed and agility over the larger sea dragon-shaped mech. He showcased his strengths at the very start of the final round by darting along the flanks of his opponent’s mech.
 While the Sea King possessed the advantage of power and endurance, he wouldn’t be able to leverage them properly if he couldn’t get a grip on his opponent. The King knew this and didn’t bother to chase after his opponent. He drifted in place and retaliated whenever Jake got close.
 "How many weapons are stuffed inside that mech?" Raella asked with surprise as the sea dragon mech showed off its arsenal. "That’s like five or six weapon systems already!"
 Ves had also noticed its diverse array of weapon hardpoints. "It’s like a hybrid mech in a sense. It possesses both short and long-ranged options."
 The sea dragon-shaped mech’s main armament consisted of its sharp and sturdy claws and teeth. Jake respected their threat to his mech and always tried to attack the Sea King from the rear.
 A variety of weapon systems dotted around the frame of the sea dragon. Much like the octagon mech that appeared before, the sea dragon mech hid the exact placement of those systems underneath identical scale-like armor plating.
 The sea dragon fired spikes, torpedoes, harpoons and all other assorted weaponry at the approaching fish mech. Its ammunition seemed limitless as it attempted to constrain Jackknife Jake with suppressive fire.
 The bladed fish mech incurred a decent amount of scratches from the barrage. Jake chose to dodge the harpoons even if his mech had to eat a face full of spikes. In return, his mech got close enough to rake through the sea dragon mech’s sides.
 "Both of them are not holding back! Jackknife Jake is throwing all caution to the wind, knowing that he won’t be able to last long enough against the Sea King’s superior range advantage!"
 "The Sea King must not be feeling so well. His mech’s agility pales in comparison to the killing machine in the hands of Jackknife Jake. Look at how he’s tearing a boatload of armor plates with every pass!"
 Jackknife Jake dished out a good amount of damage, but Ves could obviously tell his mech degraded faster than the sea dragon mech. As a speed-focused mech, its armor would always fall behind to a mech that aimed for balance.
 More perversely, the Sea King obviously splurged a lot on the armor system of his mech. The scale-like plating took a lot of force to dislodge or cut through. Each time Jackknife Jake made a pass, his mech lost momentum, something which the Sea King eagerly pounced upon. The balance of favor started to tilt against the Myrmidon team captain.
 A huge lance emerged from the mouth of the fish mech. Jackknife Jake abruptly ceased dancing around the sea dragon mech in favor of a direct approach.
 The Sea King had obviously been off-guard, but a pilot of his caliber didn’t remain stunned for long. The dragon mech opened up its own jaws and ejected a large orb that it had kept hidden all this time.
 The lance hit the orb head-on and exploded. Like a mine, it detonated with a furious shockwave that impacted the fish mech at virtually point-blank range.
 Just as everyone thought that had been the end of the Myrmidons, Jackknife Jake emerged from the murky waters with a battered but functional mech! Another lance replaced the broken one that detonated the orb, allowing Jake to continue his rush towards the Sea Dragon.
 This time, the Sea King had been truly caught off-guard, to the point where his mech instinctively fended off the lance with its claws. The lance pierced right through its left claw and pushed on to impale the upper torso. Jackknife Jake quickly detached the lance before squirreling away, leaving the weapon pinned in his opponent’s mech.
 "How did Jackknife Jake survive that mine?! Quick, rerun that segment!"
 The entire audience turned to the closest projection to see a slow-motion replay of the last encounter. Moments before the first lance pierced the mine, Jackknife Jake detached the lance and abruptly engaged his mech’s reverse boosters, cutting off its forward momentum and allowing it to escape the brunt of the blast.
 "What a fast reaction! Jake chose to overload his reverse boosters at a critical moment! Even if they’re fried, they’ve done their job!"
 The lance embedded in the sea dragon mech affected its mobility in a serious way. The Sea King’s mech experienced a lot of problems when it tried to transfer enough power to the thrusters placed along its frame.
 The Sea King went mad this time. "I’ll crush you like a bug, Jake!"
 The sea dragon mech showed off its full capabilities as its jaw ejected dozens of mines. They floated around the Sea King’s mech like an omnidirectional guard. Cables shot out from tiny openings, connecting the orbs to each other like a net.
 The nets then started to chase after the fish mech. Jackknife Jake had to abort his hit-and-run attacks in face of this new weapon. While the nets didn’t move very fast, their expansive reach and coverage fully constrained his mobility.
 Having ejected all of the mines in its stores, the sea dragon mech then revealed another weapon from its gaping jaws. The cone-shaped barrel turned out to be a sonic cannon as it started to emit continuous sound waves towards the dancing fish mech.
 Like a wide-area flamethrower, the sonic weapon’s range fell off quickly. Nevertheless, the mech piloted by Jackknife Jake already started to fall apart. The Myrmidon team captain had to make a difficult choice. Either he braved the storm and risk annihilation, or he could keep his distance and bet that the sea dragon mech ran out of power first.
 Mech pilots tended to favor aggression over inaction, so Jake decided to make one more play.
 "Why is he going in? His mech doesn’t have much left." Ves noted with puzzlement.
 From what he could determine, the Sea King piloted a ridiculous aquatic mech. The mine net alone countered every possible move that Jake could make.
 "He’ll be letting down his team and his fans if he gives up at this point." Raella explained. As a former amateur mech athlete, she had a keen understanding of what went on in his mind. "Even if he has to put his life on the line, he owes it to his supporters to continue the fight."
 The damaged fish mech dramatically charged towards the sea dragon mech. The Sea King overloaded his sonic cannon, but the weapon merely tickled the fish mech.
 As Jake reached the mine net, he revealed his final trump card. Moments before his fish mech collided against the net, his mech split in half!
 The forward section of his mech crashed against the net and caused the mines to explode, obscuring everything in the vicinity.
 The Sea King tentatively backed away. His mech’s excellent sensors caught the moment of separation, but before he could put much distance from the blast, Jake emerged from the turbulent water with just half of his mech intact, yet it moved just as fast as before!
 Jake’s mech had obviously been designed to split beforehand. The rear part of the original fish mech took on an hydrodynamic spear shape that turned the newly revealed front portion into a stubby wedge that looked sharp enough to split apart its opponent.
 His mech bore down on the sea dragon mech with the help of single-use boosters that he kept in reserve up to this point!
 "Is he going to make it?!"
 As Jackknife Jake came within spitting distance of his opponent, the Sea King ceased his futile attempt to dodge. Instead, he oriented his mech to allow its tail to take the blow in its stead!
 A huge explosion occurred at the moment of impact! At the very last moment, Jake ejected his cockpit from his half-mech, leaving the rest to collide and explode against the Sea King’s mech in a cataclysmic blast that spread out countless of broken components in every direction.
 The Sea King obviously hadn’t expected an explosion of that magnitude to erupt from the kamikaze mech. His sea dragon mech slithered out of the polluted waters in a bedraggled state.
 Only its high quality components kept the mech functional, and even that came into doubt as the mech’s power reactor started failing. The previous lance strike had opened up a weak point in the Sea King’s mech that the collision and explosion had ruthlessly exploited.
 A tense and chilling mood ran through the audience as they waited for the Sea King to revive his mech. The outcome of the match depended on whether his mech could still put up a fight.
 According to the standard mech duels, even if a mech duellist was left with a cockpit, as long as it possessed a single backup thruster and a piddly little gun, it remained in contention. The floating cockpit piloted by Jackknife Jake demonstrated both requirements as it slowly recovered from its uncontrolled ejection.
 Just as everyone thought the Sea King had fallen from his throne, his sea dragon mech emerged from its slumber for the very last time. It moved its broken form and turned a claw towards the slowly drifting cockpit.
 A single claw tip ejected from the limb. Even if it hadn’t been propelled with a lot of force, it reached Jake’s cockpit in a blink and pierced through its feeble shell.
 "The cockpit has been breached! Jake’s life signs have flatlined!"
 "A fatality! The Sea King murdered Jackknife Jake before his victim could concede!"
 The entire crowd uttered their outrage at the final move. Only the hardcore supporters of the Sea Dragons remained enlivened. The rest appeared to condemn the unsportsmanlike move. The screams of anger, horror and indignation flooded the entire arena to the point where they drowned out the announcers.
 Even Ves expressed his shock at that final, spiteful act by the Sea King. "Why did he do it?"
 "Because it’s within the rules." Raella responded with a sour expression. "When you dance along the edge, you’re going to get cut sooner or later. Jackknife Jake thought he’d be clever by piloting a kamikaze mech, but as long as he and his mech remained combat capable, he’s fair game. It’s not his opponent’s responsibility to save his life."
 "So you’re allowed to deliberately kill your opponent during a duel?"
 "Essentially, yes, but most people don’t go out of their way to do so. Not only will you get a bad reputation, you’ll also lose your sponsors."
 "I don’t think the Sea Dragons has any trouble attracting sponsors."
 Whatever the case, the referees had no choice but to rule the match in favor of the bloodied Sea King. It turned out that his crippling mech only had a few seconds of uptime left. If his mech ran out of juice before he did something to Jake, then the long-held Sea Crown would be lost for the first time in three years to the upstart Myrmidons.
 The Sea King faced a difficult decision. If the captain of the Sea Dragons wished to retain the Sea Crown, he had to disable Jake’s cockpit by any means possible, even if it meant a lethal outcome.
 He chose to do what was best for his team. Even if he had to throw away his reputation, his team secured the vaunted Sea Crown for the fourth time in a row. With bloodied hands, the Sea King cruelly showed how far he would go to defend his title.
 As the analysts, pundits and fans poured over those final moments, Ves directed his floating room away from the dome. Numerous bots already entered the ring and began retrieving the remains.
 "People will do anything for fame." Raella spoke up. "Each time you enter the ring, you risk an accident that can take away your life. There’s always a risk of death when two big hunks of metal go toe-to-toe against each other."
 "What about you? Did you ever fear for your life when you entered the ring?"
 "Of course, but adrenaline and a little extra liquid courage helps a lot in pushing those doubts away. You don’t want to start a duel with a clouded mind. Even if fatalities happen, I never thought it would happen to me."
 The sad outcome to a hopeful match put the entire mech arena in a somber mood. Ves didn’t pay attention to the subdued closing ceremony where the deputy team captain of the Sea Dragons accepted the Sea Crown for the fourth time in a row. The Sea King himself didn’t dare show up in front of the audience.
 The dramatic turn of events put Ves in a strange mood. After having established a lifelong conviction, witnessing the extent the team captains fought to win had opened his mind to what kind of original mech he’d like to design.
 Ves closed his eyes and turned his focus inward. A fleeting inspiration bloomed into a vivid image that centered around determination.
 "Never give up. Fight to the end!"
 For his upcoming original design, Ves already chose the Phoenix as its totem animal. He envisioned designing a durable knight that should be resilient enough to last a lengthy war.
 However, a great design should accomplish more than mere survival. Ves forgot about the drive to succeed. No one wanted to lose. Planning for the worst was fine and all, but sometimes you’ve gotta risk it all in order to achieve a win.
 "Avoiding a loss is not a sufficient goal. A mech should be designed to accomplish a specific objective."
 He sketched out a possible character he could utilize as the human myth component of his Triple Division Technique. While he hadn’t fixed a specific image in mind, he felt determined to include some ambition and the need to win in the list of possible traits.
 As the Sea Crown Tournament wound down, Ves guided his floating room away from the morbid arena dome and the restless crowd. A lot of security bots appeared to keep the defiant supporters of the Velton Myrmidons in line. They were one step away from rioting over the heartless killing of Jackknife Jake.
 Even though the competition came to an unfortunate end, Ves did not regret attending it. The collective emotions of the spectators and the dramatic turn of events in the ring had revitalized his drive to design an original mech.
 In a sense, he reacquainted himself with the raison d’être of mechs.
 For all their higher ideals, humanity ceaselessly sought to expand their rule over the galaxy. They began their conquest of the stars with the advent of interstellar warships. They consolidated their gains by establishing a flourishing mech culture.
 Ves, Raella and Lucky stayed at an exclusive hotel next to the arena and spent the night there.
 As he slumbered, Ves dreamt of the fantasies had in his youth and blended them with the harsh realities he learned in his adulthood. Designing an original mech was tough, but Ves never thought he would have an easy ride.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 As he woke up the next morning, Ves left the arena domes behind and visited the cultural districts of Cava City. He toured the museums and art galleries for ancient monuments of fallen alien species and contemporary art alike.
 Each individual piece carried a message. The best works of art came with rich flavours of X-Factor that had been imbued by their creators.
 "What do you see in this piece of junk?" Raella complained as she crossed her arms. "It’s just a barstool, Ves! You call this art?"
 "I can tell the artists here are sincere. Can’t you feel the emotions in the pieces?"
 "My tummy is feeling hungry. When are we eating lunch?"
 "Soon. Let me take in the sights first."
 The art gallery put this particular ensemble in a notable position. The room they stood in had been converted into a metallic interior reminiscent of the insides of a spaceship. Rents and molten marks on the walls evoked the image of a desperate battle.
 Devastation formed the theme of this exhibition. An artist collective called the Epitaph Among The Stars recovered several mundane pieces of space wreckage and turned them into display pieces.
 Even though the artworks didn’t look too remarkable, they resonated very strongly with his sixth sense. The emotions put in their compositions spoke of the dedication of the artists that made it their mission to remember the fallen from the void of space.
 The other exhibitions never came close to matching their exquisiteness. Half of the art pieces he encountered in the gallery came with an empty void that spoke of two possibilities. Either they were fake, or the artists left the composition to a bot.
 Either way, Ves found it rather disappointing that the curators valued such pieces. What would happen if materialization became mainstream in the art world? Would every piece of art become husks that were too detached from their creators?
 From the way the museums and art galleries couldn’t distinguish between real or fake, Ves held low expectations of the future.
 Besides witnessing how other people unconsciously imparted the X-Factor in their works, Ves also received a lot of inspiration for his upcoming project. After the brutality he witnessed last night, the distraction pulled him back from the brink.
 "Violence and civilization goes hand-in-hand, but it’s not a good idea to lean too far in a single direction."
 The industry generally abhorred mechs that catered to the darker nature of humanity. Designs that emphasized their ability to evoke terror and inflict mass casualties even received censure from the MTA.
 Mechs should never be employed as a weapon of terror. While plenty of people outright made a mockery out of that rule, normally the market favored noble mechs.
 Even a heavy striker armed with heavy-duty flamethrowers could be considered heroic as long as its design emphasized its role as a defender. Perception and reality didn’t always have to match.
 Ves absorbed this lesson slowly as he visited many different art galleries in the next two days. The way the artists played at the perception of their audience really inspired his creativity.
 Some of the most impressive works of contemporary art consisted of four-dimensional displays that changed their form over time in a dynamic fashion. The artists accomplished these effects through the use of modern technology and a small amount of exotics.
 One remarkable artwork consisted of a mirror that purportedly showed an alternate reality version of whoever stared into its reflective surface. People could only see their own reflections. No matter where anyone else positioned themselves, they would never be able to glimpse another person’s alternate reflection.
 Most visitors treated it as a fake curiosity as they saw themselves in a vastly different state of appearance. Perhaps a sophisticated computer pulled up various data from the galactic net and extrapolated a somewhat realistic image of what they might have been if some details of their past had taken another turn.
 No one really believed the artist’s claims that he had breached the barriers between the universes and opened up a window.
 The reflections appeared to be completely random. Some looked thinner, as if they couldn’t even afford to eat the most basic nutrient packs. Others wore resplendently brilliant dresses, as if their income had been inflated by over a hundred times.
 Raella claimed she saw herself as a successful mech athlete who had gone pro. She wore a piloting suit emblazoned with the name of her old team, the Wailing Witches. Her suit even carried sponsorship symbols from several notable household brands.
 Ves felt apprehensive when he got his own turn to look at the mirror. What would the clever computer system behind the illusions come up with as his reflection? Once the latest person moved away from the reflection, Ves stepped up to the full-length mirror.
 "Is that me?" He sounded disappointed.
 The Ves that looked back from the mirror looked decidedly average. He wore poor clothes that could be obtained with a couple of dozen credits. His body looked thin but not malnourished, showing that he barely made a living in this supposed alternate universe.
 Much of the confidence and success that he enjoyed as a mech designer was absent from the reflection. Ves supposed that the reflection indicated his most likely fate as an individual if he never received the System from his father.
 Crushed by debt and lacking both talent and connections, Ves would never be able to come up with a product in time to pay off the first interest payment that came due. Coming up with five million credits on his own proved wholly impossible to a mech designer without the right foundation to survive in the mech industry.
 The Larkinson family must have refrained from bailing him out as well. With their modest net worth, they’d be ruining the foundation of their estate if they threw good money after bad in his hopeless venture to become an established mech designer. The most his grandfather could do was to secure his rights after the inevitable bankruptcy.
 Obviously, he didn’t take his failure very well. One year after the presumed closure of his nascent workshop, Ves must have probably turned back into a useless bum. Deprived of a promising career in the mech industry, he fell off in the deep end and lived from day to day in a wallow of self-pity and recrimination.
 The next visitor in line started to get impatient as Ves stared at his own alternate reflection with melancholy. His self-esteem took a substantial hit in that moment. He only regained his composure after left and took a break by eating a meal at a nearby restaurant.
 As Raella munched on a fat piece of aeliotonoc whale steak, she gently bonked his head with her knuckles. "Cheer up, Ves. Whatever you saw in that stupid mirror isn’t you. Look at what you made of yourself in these last couple of years. You’re a big shot now!"
 "You’re right." He sighed as he cut a piece of his own steak. Ves found the whale meat to be a little chewier than he liked. "It’s a depressing reflection, but it’s only one of many possible realities. What matters most is that I’ve avoided that fate."
 Ves spent the rest of his allotted time in Cava City by attending a silly play. The performance centered around a setting where humanity and aliens struck a friendly accord. The play made fun of the diverse aliens humanity had befriended.
 The performance made use of advanced projection technology to capture the speech and movements of an isolated actor and project them into a life-like alien characters. From upright horses with twelve limbs to a floating brain that manipulated its surroundings with tentacles, their antics roiled the audience in a flood of laughter.
 "Why are you speaking to my waste channel? My nostrils are down here!"
 "My apologies. My exhaustive lessons in human culture and etiquette has taught me that I should always start undressing myself after exchanging a couple of words!"
 "By the Seven Three-Horned Gods! Humans are disgusting! They douse themselves in the foul and smelly liquid known as water for up to two times a day! Imagine the horror known as hygiene! We must declare war against this race to teach them the value of going without a bath for years at a time!"
 What Ves enjoyed the most was how the play obliquely parodied aspects of society that they all took for granted. For example, while humanity universally maintained hostile relationships with aliens, why should they be locked in a constant struggle for dominance in the galaxy?
 Space was vast, with billions of stars in the Milky Way alone. Not even the most prolific races had grown to the point where they ran out of space. Even if most star systems lacked deposits of exotic minerals, that didn’t mean they were useless.
 Humanity constantly hungered for exotics to fuel their ceaseless struggle for territory against the aliens and themselves. The play Ves and Raella attended presented a scenario where humans never resorted to war as the first option. While they maintained a decent amount of war assets, they mainly served as a deterrent rather than a prelude to a full-fledged invasion.
 In this possible setting, the playwright envisioned that the lack of constant warring diminished the hunger for exotics, thereby placing less importance on securing star systems with deposits of these valuable resources.
 With peace as the prevailing condition, human society occupied a smaller but more densely populated slice of the galaxy. The lack of competition even allowed their race to unite in a single common union that maintained the same set of laws and customs throughout their entire territory.
 Such a silly future could never exist. Ves had a good laugh along with the rest of the crowd when the play made a mockery of this presumptuous vision.
 "Humans are a greedy, jealous race that always takes away what other races possess." He reminded to himself. He spoke those words with prime.
 At the end, Ves left the theater in a tired but satiated mood. All the ups and downs he experienced in the last couple of days had refreshed his mind even as it took a toll on it. In any case, he experienced a lot on this planet and gained a lot of inspiration on his upcoming project.
 His holiday on Moira’s Paradise had given him a lot of food for thought. While he didn’t get to relax all that often, the mental stimulation he received should be sufficient to flesh out a draft design for the mech of his dreams.
 Their stay in Cava City came to an end. Ves, Raella and Lucky boarded the Nautilus of the Deep with memorable moments of their stay.
 "The play is fun and all, but I don’t get why it’s so highly rated."
 "With parodies, you have to look underneath the surface to get the message." Ves responded to Raella. "Have you noticed how the humans appeared more dimwitted than the aliens in the performance? My take on the play is that if humans for whatever reason lose their drive for war, they’ll eventually turn into harmless monkeys who are only good for comic relief."
 "Hah! As if that will ever happen. Too much blood has been shed for us to go all lovey dovey all of a sudden."
 "You never know if the prevailing winds will change. There’s always a portion in our society who are advocating for peace and understanding."
 "That sounds pretty bad for you. Without all the fighting, who’s going to buy your mechs?"
 Who would buy his mechs indeed, Ves thought. For better or worse, the mech industry depended on the continuation of humanity’s thriving martial culture. The amount of mechs that got wrecked and needed to be replaced in the Komodo Star Sector reached an astounding sum.
 "Did you enjoy the holiday?" Ves asked.
 "Well, it’s not an adventure, but it’s okay. Moira’s Paradise is so different, it’s like the people here are aliens. I don’t get their fascination for living under a fragile dome all year long. The moment it cracks, all of that water will come crashing down on their heads! I’d rather live underneath the open sky."
 Ves enjoyed the holiday as well. Besides the inspiration he received, it also felt refreshing to forget about his job, if only for a couple of days.
 After the Nautilus returned to the surface, a large number of passengers departed the luxurious cruise ship. Ves and his entourage spent a short time on the artificial island before boarding the Barracuda.
 "Back to Cloudy Curtain?" Captain Silvestra asked.
 "Yup. Take your time, you don’t have to hurry."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Before he returned to his workshop, Ves intended to do some market research as a final preparation for his draft design. While he could start to draft a design right now, he risked a disappointing reception if he disregarded the demands of the market.
 "What do people in the Republic want from a knight mech?"
 Ves already read up on the subject. Marcella had been very helpful in sharing some of her market research and industry reports. To make the long story short, the private market mainly geared up for a brutal slog against the Vesians.
 Everyone expected the upcoming war to proceed in the same vein as the previous conflicts between the two rival states. The Bright Republic would be put on the defensive while the highly motivated Vesians did their best to break through.
 The irreconcilable hatred between the Vesians and the Brighters ensured the war could drag on for up to five years or more. The mercenaries and company security forces that made up the bulk of the private market demanded robust designs that could potentially last them the entire war.
 This fell into his niche, as his phoenix concept centered around extending the life cycle of his upcoming design. Still, his knight needed something more in order to distinguish his product from the masses.
 Ves took inspiration of the late Jackknife Jake. While his dauntless personality made a profound impression in his mind, he also admired the semi-modular nature of his fish mech. To design a mech that continued to function bereft of most of its surface components took a lot of guts and skill.
 He wanted to adopt such a feature into his own design to complement its undying nature, but practical concerns prevented him from going through with this idea.
 "It’s a lot easier to pull this off in the water than on land. The diminished form will have to come with its own miniature engine and power source, as well as a form of mobility."
 Such demands took up too much space to make the concept feasible with the means at hand. Nesting mechs like the fish mech became more prevalent in the galactic center, where superior technology and materials brought about significant gains in performance while requiring relatively little space.
 He turned his newly invigorated imagination in another direction. What do mech pilots want in their knight mechs? Ves poured into his research materials to look up the answer.
 Ves spotted a tiny detail hidden beneath the personal testimonies. Besides the usual demands for power, armor and speed, the mech pilots wanted to own a mech that could dig.
 He played a clip of an interview with a veteran mercenary pilot.
 "How often did you find yourself huddled underneath the ground?"
 "More often than I liked. The noble armies of the Vesians generally consists of a hodgepodge of designs, but one thing that’s very consistent is that they bring lots of artillery, particularly missiles. They ship them in by the bulk and fire off their entire magazines in our direction to soften us up. Sometimes, the Vesians don’t even care if they don’t hit anything, because the bombardment has already frayed our nerves."
 "If you know that they will be throwing missiles at you, why not prepare a portable bombardment shelter?"
 "Those things work well, but they’re only good for a single time. The cheaper ones weigh a lot so it’s a massive pain to lug them around. The more expensive ones don’t last long enough to pay for their expenses. It’s better to take advantage of the natural soil around us and put a lot of earth between your mech and the missiles raining down in your sector."
 "What about bringing in a digger module?"
 "Are you kidding? Those things take up even more space, and they’re finicky as hell! No, forget about those stupid gadgets. The only thing I need is an old-fashioned spade."
 The veteran proceeded to detail the intricacies of digging a makeshift shelter. Different planets and climates led to different soil conditions. It took a lot of technique to dig out a semi-enclosed trench in a reasonable amount of time.
 Ranged mechs that formed the mainstay of any squad often broke down easily if they helped with the digging. The arms of a rifleman mech specialized in aiming the weapon as accurate as possible. These types of limbs easily exceeded their maximum carrying limits if they went too far with digging.
 More often than not, squads designated knight mechs as their go-to diggers. While knights possessed a lot of strengths, that didn’t mean they excelled at digging. Many mech designers overlooked such demands when they came up with their knight designs.
 "Interesting." Ves spoke to himself. "Could this be a gap in the market?"
 In truth, many mercenaries preferred to be deployed in areas with readily available cover. If they couldn’t find anything nearby, they would rather retreat and avoid the bombardment entirely. Only rarely did they decide to stay and ride out the storm.
 However, his research into this topic revealed that digging became more prevalent in the later stages of the war. Most battles shifted from well-prepared fortifications to bombed-out ruins and temporary encampments in the wilderness. As everything started breaking down, a mech could only rely on his simple spade for suitable cover.
 "So am I going to design a mole mech now?"
 Ves wouldn’t go that far. It became tempting to believe in the market research and try to form a response to every issue, but Ves only had so much space in his design.
 "It’s enough to take the possibility into mind."
 A mech that could dig efficiently required a specialized set of limbs that diminished its ability to fight. Ves decided to make due with half-measures that made the digging a little easier while preserving the combat effectiveness of his design.
 "This should be the base role of my design. A scrappy knight that also makes for a decent entrencher."
 With this decision, Ves formulated the three required images for his Triple Division Technique.
 The totem animal consisted of the mythical phoenix. This image represented his desire to design a lasting mech that would grow over the years and become more distinct with each round of repairs.
 Ves decided to dedicate the human myth to Jackknife Jake. It saved him the trouble of formulating a fictional character. As a mech athlete, Jackknife Jake possessed keen instincts and a great sense for risk taking. Even if he lost out at the final moment of his career, the preceding feats in his career showcased his talent in this area.
 "I need something with the drive to win no matter how frigid the situation has become."
 This kind of motivation sounded rather dangerous. If Ves went too far with embedding this message into his design, his customers might be tempted to dive head-first into danger.
 After a brief internal struggle, Ves decided to integrate this image into his design. "A knight has to possess a lot of courage to perform their roles. Otherwise, how will my design be able to excel in the field?"
 The reality of the mech business was that the market paid attention to a design’s performance in the field. Word of mouth spread quickly about good and bad designs. Mechs that performed poorly quickly resulted in cratering sales, while mechs that excelled on the battlefield exploded into popularity.
 Much of this phenomenon depended on the habits and perception of the mech pilots in the field. Perfectly decent designs on paper might inexplicably be regarded as a harbinger of bad luck if a single pilot suffered from consecutive breakdowns.
 Even if a lazy mech technician carried the actual blame for the mishaps, rumors always trumped over facts. Sometimes, investigators even found proof that a mech pilot deliberately made a fuss about their mechs at the behest of a competitor.
 These days, the MTA came down hard on these kinds of practices, so Ves didn’t worry too much about getting bad mouthed. What he actually concerned himself with was whether his design could stand out from the other knights in the market.
 "With my reputation, it should be fairly easy to generate some initial sales. It’s what comes after that I have to focus on."
 The buyers in the mech market spent their money wisely. If Ves could influence his designs in such a way so that his customers used them in flamboyant ways, he’d be able to generate a lot of buzz for his designs.
 He only hesitated because it could also backfire on him. If his design gained a reputation for driving his pilots into reckless action, his mechs would cease to sell as well as he hoped.
 In the end, he decided it was worth the risk, and confirmed the concepts that he would use for his design.
 "Two of my images are focused on different aspects of survival, while the remaining one prioritizes victory."
 The lack of balance in the images had been a deliberate choice on his part. There was no point in employing seperate images if they all fulfilled the same role. By splitting the ratio from defense to offense in this manner, Ves emphasized the defensive aspect of his design while leaving room for offensive action.
 "I’m ready to start my draft design."
 Designing a draft meant he’d sketch out a loose outline of his mech. It fixed the general shape, type and weight-class of his mech and allowed him to figure out what type of components he should license for his final design.
 Ves hunkered down in his stateroom aboard the Barracuda and projected his design software into the whole room. He took a deep breath and composed his mind, employing the Triple Division Technique at full strength.
 His images showed signs of stirring up. As Ves infused the hungry concepts with his mind, they started coming to life. He held back his full force as he did not wish to wake them prematurely before he started with his actual design.
 "This should be enough. Let’s go with a medium mech."
 He held out a finger in the air and slowly slided it downwards, leaving a single projected line. His finger turned direction, leaving behind another line, this one in a different angle. Ten minutes went by as Ves flicked his finger left and right, back and forth, up and down.
 The resulting three-dimensional sketch looked like a mech doodled by a six-year old child. Yet in the eyes of Ves, it looked beautiful.
 "Perfect."
 At first glance, his rough draft evoked more grace than grit.
 The relatively sturdy profile of the knight took on a concave shape at the waist to save as much weight as possible. Most knight designs opted to beef up this area in order to protect the fragile engine and other related components. Unfortunately, all of the extra bulk tended to slow down the frame in a very major fashion.
 "It’s a good thing I’ve licensed a decent armor system."
 The Keltrex armor system he licensed in exchange for merits allowed him to get away with more for less. It took up less weight for a comparable amount of protection to other armor systems, so Ves liberally took advantage of this trait.
 While some people might consider that he went a little bit too far in trimming down the weight, Ves hoped that some would appreciate the upsides of his design choice. His draft design currently hovered in the middle of the mediumweight mech classification. Such mechs offered substantially more mobility than other medium knights that often strained against the limits of their weight class without sacrificing too much protection.
 Besides trimming down the waist, Ves gently beefed up the areas that his mech couldn’t cover with its shield. Most notably, he bulked up the shoulders to the point where it appeared his mech possessed pauldrons.
 Knight designs sometimes included oversized shoulder pauldrons with the aim of employing them as disposable half-shields.
 Any incoming attacks could be absorbed by the pauldrons instead of the mech’s more sensitive parts. Mech technicians would be able to replace the pauldrons fairly easily if they got damaged. While it risked damaging the underlying arm mechanisms, it still beat risking the integrity of the highly vital power reactor.
 "My power reactor runs on medium-density mech-grade fuel. It can’t handle battle damage like a power reactor that runs on electric current."
 Another license he obtained from the Clifford Society, his power reactor focused mainly on endurance and durability. As a tradeoff, it plateaued fairly quickly, delivering a low level of peak performance. Still, paired with Oleg’s efficient Trailblazer engine, his mech possessed an enviable level of endurance.
 "My design should be able to operate for weeks without requiring resupply."
 The only downside to this amazing feature was that his design relied on the supply of medium-density mech-grade fuel.
 Generally, most mechs in the Republic that incorporated fuel cells ran on low-density fuel. Refiners produced them by the bulk with hardly any effort at all. In contrast, high-density fuel was strictly regarded as a strategic asset and could only be synthesized at specialized refineries owned by the state.
 Medium-density fuel sat in between these two extremes. While refineries in the private sector possessed the capability to synthesize this kind of fuel, they often left it at the wayside due to limited demand. It cost several times more to run a mech on medium-density fuel, which was reason enough for most mech outfits to balk at the expense.
 "Still, the tradeoff is worth it. It’s not like the mech outfits can stock up on the fuel beforehand."
 Incorporating the use of medium-density fuel in his design did not come without risk. While refiners managed to develop formulas that did not combust very easily, if exposed to sufficient heat, they might catch on fire. Ves had to draw up an array of fuel cells that could be emptied or ejected rapidly in the event it became exposed to something like a laser or a flamethrower.
 "As long as its armor holds up, my knight shouldn’t worry too much about getting caught on fire."
 Ves trusted in the Keltrex armor system to endure lasers without transferring all of that energy to the mech’s internals. As far as he was concerned, he got his merits worth and more when he obtained this license.
 "Too bad my licenses are only valid for ten years."
 The value of the licenses would probably decline by more than half after the start of the new mech generation, but it still presented an unwelcome circumstance. Merits did not come cheap, even for the more established mech designers. Ves did not relish the prospect of running another life-threatening mission for the Clifford Society.
 Hopefully, he made enough progress in the next ten years that he’d easily be able to afford the expense of renewing the licenses.
 "Maybe I don’t even need to bother with this hassle. Everything that’s currentgen will soon turn into lastgen. There’s not going to be much of a market for lastgen mechs."
 The newer licenses introduced at the start of a new generation always cost a massive fortune to procure. This gave the larger mech manufacturers a head-start in the race to design a new generation mech. If Ves wanted to take part in the upcoming rat race, he’d have to grow the LMC to the point it could afford the investment.
 "It all depends on how well this design will sell."
 His draft design incorporated several other premium aspects by taking advantage of his remaining licenses he obtained from Leemar.
 The fuel cells he mentioned earlier came in a configuration that minimized the chance of setting off its contents.
 The ECM he included in his design came with advanced active countermeasures that spoiled the locks of any targeting systems. The Coalition-developed system did not possess a large margin of superiority over local ECM variants, but it should be sufficient enough to handle anything the Vesians threw at his mechs.
 Finally, the cockpit deserved a special mention. The reason why he went out of his way to obtain a cockpit license in Leemar was because it insured the pilot’s safety without taking up too much space. It incorporated a powerful set of one-time boosters that lifted off quickly and traveled far enough to escape capture.
 As an added bonus, Ves also cladded it with a thin layer of Keltrex armor. While the cladding added to its bulk, the extra protection offered his customers a lot of added reassurance.
 Put together, his draft already possessed the right elements to compete against the prevailing models in its target segment. While the market offered a lot of better designs that approached the performance of a second-class mech, they also cost a fortune to buy.
 Like Ves, their designers incorporated several second-class aspects to their design. This resulted in wildly varying prices in the upper segment of the local mech market.
 "There’s more."
 His vision for his knight and the images he used to guide his design work led to a couple of distinctive design choices.
 First, Ves included a couple of optimizations that enhanced his design’s ability to dig. He strengthened the internal frame and the spine so that it could exert more force into hardy soil without causing any internal stresses.
 Ves even incorporated a free spade with his design. If his knight didn’t need to dig, it could slide the spade into a specially-designed slot at the base of the spine. The blade of the spade also happened to offer some extra rear protection to the Trailblazer engine that rested inside the lower torso.
 Secondly, he flourished up his draft with a couple of phoenix motifs. This started with the head, which Ves formed into an avine shape. He even added in a protruding beak that the pilot could use as a weapon of last resort.
 Besides the bird-like head, Ves modified the shoulder pauldrons to look less like slabs and more like overlapping feathers. While it looked rather gimmicky, this enhanced their ability to absorb wide-area impacts at the cost of slightly worse performance against piercing attacks.
 It also made maintenance a little easier since the mech technicians only had to replace a few damaged feathers rather than a large slab of armor plating.
 As an added touch, Ves also planned to add the Festive Cloud Generator underneath the shoulders. If the mech pilot wished to make his mech stand out, he could choose to pump out fire-colored vapor from the feathers, giving allies and enemies alike the illusion that they faced a phoenix.
 Perhaps this extra feature looked a little gawky, but it resulted in a very distinctive appearance for his design. "It looks really cool, that’s for sure."
 The sword and shield rounded out the phoenix theme that Ves was running. His upgraded creativity sprang into full as he figured out ways to embellish the armaments without taking it too far.
 The sword incorporated a standard one-handed longsword design, but Ves styled its crossguard in the shape of a phoenix in flight. With its sweeping wings extending out of the sword and the beak that transitioned into the actual blade, it looked rather fetching in his eyes.
 The shield on the other hand took an asymmetrical design. It was shaped like a phoenix turning in flight, leading to a crescent shape that covered one side more than the other. The sharpened edge of the moon-shaped shield provided his knight with an extra offensive option.
 Ves had to admit that he spent a lot more time on detailing the surface of the shield than he should. While the sculptured surface looked fantastic, Ves envisioned a lot of added work should he push it into fabrication.
 "It’s worth it."
 For a draft, the phoenix-themed knight already appeared unique. Ves was pretty certain that very few mechs looked identical to his own. At the very least, the Bright Republic’s mech market had never seen anything like it. Its distinctive appearance alone distinguished his product from the rest.
 "Let’s iterate on this draft."
 The first draft merely represented the starting point of his journey to publish an original design. Ves constantly tweaked the general shape of his design, adding in refinements and fixing some of the more obvious flaws. He only put down his weary finger once the Barracuda arrived at Cloudy Curtain.
 Once the passengers returned to the workshop, Ves decided to seek some input from his circle. He gathered up Calsie, Gavin, Carlos and Chief Cyril and brought them to his enclosed office. He secretly activated his Privacy Shield before he turned on a projector of his draft.
 "This is a preliminary draft of the original design I’ve been working on. It’s an endurance-focused medium knight that excels in long, drawn-out conflicts. It’s a premium design that incorporates several exclusive licenses from the Coalition, but I think I can manage to keep its price tag to around 60 million credits."
 Besides the schematic, Ves also included his estimates on its specs. The guesswork shouldn’t deviate too much from the actual numbers should he turn his draft into an actual design.
 Carlos immediately raised his hands. "Okay, forget about its performance. What’s up with the bird stuff?"
 "I’ve been wondering about that as well. It looks tacky as hell."
 Ves expected their feedback to start with this point. "I’m running a phoenix theme for my mech because I want to convey the message that it’s not the end if it sustains a lot of damage. The core of my mech is very strong. In the event it suffers a lot of damage, as long as the owners are able to recover the mech, they should be able to repair it close to mint condition."
 "That’s a pipe dream." Chief Cyril shook his head. "You’re selling a lie if you boast about infinite repairability for your mechs. Unless you’re using smart metals or self-repairing alloys or some expensive stuff like that, a battleworn mech will always degrade over time and use."
 The chief suggested Ves to take care of the kind of language he used to boast about his design. Hyperbole might be fine if he used it sparingly, but he should not make promises he could never deliver.
 "What do you think about the phoenix theme?" Ves probed the oldest man in the room.
 "I agree with the others it looks needlessly like a bird. You’re laying it on a little thick. I suggest you cut back on the length of the beak and the feather covering of the shoulder pauldrons. The shield looks really good, although I’m not too certain about its asymmetrical shape."
 All of his core personnel provided sensible remarks. Calsie pointed out that his design incorporated both feminine and masculine traits. "It’s not the point where you can call it a typical ’girl mech’ or ’boy mech’, but I thought you should know. Knight pilots tend to be guys, right?"
 "It’s about the same as the total ratio of male and female mech pilots." Cyril noted. "There’s always going to be a bit more men than women in the field."
 "Well, your design isn’t offputting to men or women in particular, so that should be a boon."
 Ves turned to the final person in the room. Gavin hadn’t spoken out a lot, which is strange as he possessed the strongest marketing background among the gathering. He appeared to be mulling over the draft with his chin resting on his fingers.
 "What’s your take on my draft?"
 "That depends." Gavin uttered in a pretentiously serious fashion. "Do you want to make a lot of money or do you want to sell a lot of mechs?"
 "Isn’t that the same thing?" Ves frowned. Mech manufacturers made their money by selling mechs.
 Gavin shook his head. "Not exactly. Let’s take a step back and define your goal. What do you hope to accomplish with your initial original design?"
 His related to the business rationale of releasing a new design.
 To clarify Gavin’s question, Ves thought about his competitors. Some mech designers made a career out of their ability to develop fantastic designs but turned out to be awful businessmen. They didn’t know how to run a business or hire someone trustworthy that did.
 In contrast, the more business-savy mech designers made the most out of their limited means. Even if their designs lacked a spark, as long as they marketed their product correctly, they ended up presiding over a vast consortium of production facilities.
 Right now, Gavin hinted that Ves leaned towards the former while having ambitions for the latter. While the two did not fundamentally conflict with each other, the market might not think so.
 "It’s a great-looking design, fantastic even." He explained. "It fits right in with the display models you designed for the Vintage Festival. Yet most of the designs we see on the battlefield are predominantly plain. If they have any decorations at all, it’s usually the unit emblem and whatever personal crest the pilot is using."
 Ves had to admit that his runaway creativity prompted him to go overboard in adding art to his design. As he looked at the projected schematic, he felt that it would be a huge shame to diminish that aspect. The draft he drew up already matched up with the images in his mind.
 "It’s an artsy design, there’s no way around it. Maybe it will scare some people away, but making great-looking designs has always been an interest to me. A good design should have an iconic look."
 This aspect had always been present, but his increased creativity practically forced the matter out in the open. Ves felt the downsides to upgrading his major Attributes to suddenly. Sometimes he couldn’t help himself from acting on his impulses.
 "So are you marketing your product as a battle mech or a show mech?"
 "Definitely a battle mech. With the specs it carries, it’s a waste to use it as a decorative ornament."
 "Hm, if you’re determined to go this route, then you should make some adjustments to your strategy."
 Gavin proceeded to outline his suggestions. "You can have the best of both worlds. You don’t have to choose between selling out or maintaining your artistic integrity. Simply stick a gold label to your current design. You can associate the silver label to your dumbed-down mass-market variant."
 "I see." The idea had a lot of merit and solved the dilemma Ves was beginning to develop. He could accept toning down the detail on his silver label variant if he could retain them in the gold label base model. "I like the sound of it. Simplifying the design will also make it easier for the mech technicians to fabricate the parts."
 "You’ll also elevate the gold label version into a desired product with this strategy." Gavin pointed out. "The extravagant appearance of your mech will turn into a boon since it will only be rarely seen. Anyone who buys your gold label product will feel privileged for owning it, just like with your other limited edition mechs."
 "So it’s basically taking advantage of perceptual contrast."
 "Exactly so. It’s like evaluating a pile of dung. A small mound is ugly and smelly, but people will prefer it if their only alternative is an even larger mountain of dung."
 Everyone laughed at Gavin’s words. Ves shook his head. "They’re both dung, so I don’t think that analogy works in this case."
 "You get the idea. By the way, why did you use a bird theme on your landbound mech? Shouldn’t you be designing an aerial mech instead?"
 "Uh, oops." Ves sheepishly let out and scratched the back of his head. "I didn’t think about that incongruity. I’ll probably design an aerial variant once the base model achieves some success. For now, it’s not important that my mech can’t fly. It’s merely decorative, anyway."
 Many designers incorporate mythical beasts as themes for their mechs. It wouldn’t be to odd to come up with an eagle mech or a dragon mech as landbound mechs, for example.
 Calsie and Gavin didn’t have much else to say about his design, while Carlos lacked too much experience. Only his chief technician possessed the background to dig deeper into the feasibility of his design.
 "There are two more aspects about your design that look sketchy. The specs suggest you’re aiming to keep the weight down so that you can enhance its mobility. Don’t you think you’ve gone too far? The most basic job of a knight is to endure attacks before they go through and hit more vulnerable mechs. Depriving your design of the maximum affordable protection makes your knight suboptimal for that specific role."
 Ves had thought about that issue. "You aren’t wrong. I deliberately set out to design an offensive knight with a decent amount of mobility and agility. I think the tradeoff is worth it in this case because the quality of the Veltrex armor system will be able to compensate for the lack of thickness."
 "Do you realize how unusual it is to publish an offensive knight design? The use of defensive knights is standard doctrine. When someone is seeking to procure a knight, they always default to designs that excel in defense. Gavin, what’s the ratio in the current market?"
 "It’s about four to one in favor of defensive knights. That means offensive knights only take up twenty percent of the market share for knights."
 Ves saw an upside to that observation. "That also means that the market for offensive knights is a lot less crowded. I’ve done my market research. Defensive knights are easy to design so they’re crowding out the market. It’s a lot more challenging to design an offensive knight and it can’t be done without a high quality armor system."
 They argued a bit more about the feasibility of his design, but Ves had already set his course. Nothing Cyril said could change his mind.
 It was not as if Ves set out to ignore the wisdom of his advisors. He simply wanted to do something new. After all his work on the Caesar Augustus and its variants, Ves preferred to enhance his catalog with something lighter.
 "There’s nothing wrong with sticking to your own judgement on things. That’s why you’re the boss. You have no one else to blame but yourself if it turns out you’re wrong."
 A company ran on the whims of its boss. Sure, larger corporations possessed a more refined corporate governance, with the board of directors overseeing its general directions while the various executives decided on the specifics. The larger they grew, the more they resembled states.
 Even with an annual revenue of over a billion credits, the Living Mech Corporation still remained stuck in its startup days. Ves hoped to change that very soon after his grandfather sent him some retainers to beef up his administrative department.
 "What’s the other point you want to make about my mech?"
 Chief Cyril pointed at the rear of the design. "That spade is an eccentric addition to your design. I’m not arguing the utility of including it, but it doesn’t seem to fit with the concept of your mech. You’re selling a 60 million credit knight to the private market. At that price, the mercenaries who buy your products will be putting them in leadership positions. Digging is something that’s done by grunts, not by officers."
 "I think you’re a little too optimistic about that statement. According to my market research, mechs don’t always have the right supplies on hand. It’s tough to carry adequate supplies around on a fluid battlefield. The integrated spade should prove very useful against the Vesians with their penchant for missile bombardment."
 "You won’t convince anyone to purchase your mech on this feature alone. It’s not something you can brag about and expect to be taken seriously."
 "Even if it sounds extravagant, I’m willing to bet my customers will be thanking me for embedding that spade in my mechs."
 His design resembled a work of art, but a robust internal architecture underneath its attractive exterior. Combined that with a nucleus of high quality components, his design should be more than ready to tough it out in the field.
 That said, Ves only drew up a superficial design so far. It remained to be seen whether he’d be able to realize the potential of his design by solving every engineering challenge in his way.
 After wrapping up his conference with his confidants, he decided to solicit the opinion of his mech broker. Gathering feedback and getting second opinions formed a very important part of the formal design process. He called Marcella over the comm and showed off his draft.
 "Looks like you have a very solid idea of what you want to design." Marcella commented. "You’d be surprised how many mech designers muddle through their design process without a clue of what they’ll end up."
 She began by asking a couple of obvious questions that Ves had already discussed with his employees. Surprisingly, she expressed neither approval or disapproval at his visual design.
 "I’ve seen weirder things in my life. Mechs come in all shapes and sizes. I can work with any kind of design as long as it works." Her words reflected the attitude of a veteran mech trader. "Rather than say the market is more receptive to certain designs, it’s more accurate to say that most designs start off as a blank slate. It’s up to your marketing to drum up demand for your product."
 "It’s going to be my debut mech, so I’m guaranteed to receive some free publicity."
 "I’m aware of that, but don’t think you can sit back and rely on the press to market your mech in your stead. There are many people who don’t pay attention to this kind of news. I highly recommend you set aside some funds for an ongoing advertising campaign."
 "How much money are we talking about?"
 "A hundred million credits if you want to spend the absolute minimum."
 That took out a very sizable chunk out of his cash. Ves hated the thought of spending so much money on something that had no effect on the quality of his design. Yet Marcella didn’t lie to him about the necessity to have a marketing apparatus in place at the time of his design’s introduction. Ves risked missing out on a huge chunk of early sales if he couldn’t get a message out.
 Besides this comment, Marcella sounded very positive about his design. The estimates specs ensured that it would be a good fit for his targeted price point.
 "There’s only one problem with releasing a design at this point in time. The next generation of mechs is only nine years away. Your currentgen design will be relegated to the bin of lastgen designs in less than a decade. While you can take advantage of refined and discounted component licenses this late in the current generation of mechs, you’ll also have to deal with early depreciation of your design. It’s an unfair trade-off."
 "There’s nothing I can do about the timing." Ves shrugged. "If my design pans out, I’ll have the capital to participate right at the start of the next generation of mechs."
 After discussing more details, Ves ended the connection. He considered asking his grandfather and some other people for advice, but called it off after considering they’d hardly bring anything new to the table.
 "I think it’s time to spend my warchest."
 Now that he completed a draft design, he should have a good idea on what kind of components fit with his mech. With a budget of around a billion credits, Ves had to be prudent in his spending if he wanted to compliment his existing component licenses. He sat down next to his terminal and visited the MTA’s internal market.
 With his design still fresh in his mind, Ves hoped to obtain everything he needed so that he could move on to the next phase of his design project.
 "Let’s see what I need."
 Ves could spend as little or as much as he wanted to acquire the necessary component licenses.
 If he wanted to splurge, he could blow a billion credits on the sensor systems alone, yet such an improvement hardly affected his design. "It’s not about adding further improvements to my design, but retaining the strengths it already enjoys."
 Desperate designers with an acute lack of money sometimes licensed outdated components offered by the MTA. They utilized technology that had been developed at least sixty years ago to plug a hole in their designs.
 If Ves tried to do the same, he risked condemnation. As a premium design, his phoenix knight had to maintain a minimum level of performance across the board. He couldn’t justify the 60 million credits price tag if he played fast and loose with his design.
 He proceeded to splurge his entire budget on a number of generic licenses. Some components cost a little more than others, but Ves spent just enough to stray away from bargain bin territory.
 Besides acquiring licenses for minor components that only die-hard enthusiasts cared about like gyroscopes or inertial compensators, Ves also made some big ticket purchases that played a vital role in the performance of his mech.
 The sensor system cost an easy 100 million credits to pick up its license. At that price, Ves obtained the right to use a serviceable set of sensors that had specifically been designed to compliment knight mechs. It prioritized close-range detection over long-range detection and could take a beating as well.
 "It’s not like my knight will ever be used for a scout. It’s enough if it can detect a sneaking mech up close."
 The second major transaction consisted of a set of supplementary alloy formulas for the sword, shield and internal frame. Each part demanded different degrees of hardness, ductility, density and sharpness. The alloys that came with the Veltrex armor system only covered the exterior of the mech, and should not be used in other areas. Ves spent a total of 250 million credits to obtain all of these licenses.
 The last major license consisted of the right to apply the Bright Republic’s Modular Fitting Standard to his design. The Modular Fitting Standard or MFS was a relatively recent invention that aimed to standardize the dimensions of modular attachments for mechs.
 Basically, the MFS ensured that every mech that used the same standard could share the same type of backpacks or other compatible devices.
 For example, an MFS allowed a mech pilot to attach a standard energy pack from the Republic without worrying about compatibility issues. If he happened to come across an abandoned Vesian pack in the field, then he would have no luck, as the Vesian standard used a different set of dimensions. The plugs wouldn’t fit in the sockets.
 Before the proliferation of MFS, different companies and individual mech designers all employed their format. This led to a maze of confusing choices along with plenty of kludges as mech technicians tried to mate different modular standards together in the field.
 Nowadays, each state or major faction stuck to a single standard to ease their logistics. The Mech Corps no longer had to keep track of fifty separate fittings.
 Along with many other miscellaneous components such as transceivers and processors, Ves finally obtained all the necessary ingredients to design a mech.
 "One billion credits down the drain. I only have around 400 million left in disposable cash."
 The LMC still earned a decent amount of money out of routine transactions, so Ves didn’t worry about running out of cash. Ves already reserved 100 million credits for an upcoming ad campaign, and he expected to spend a bit more to supplement the development of his phoenix knight.
 "I’ll have to fabricate a prototype at the very least." He mused as he stroked Lucky’s back. The cat had woken up from his nap and demanded his daily dose of petting. "I can recycle it down to its constituent materials once I’m done with my tests, but I’m better off if I donate it to the MTA."
 If Ves wanted to submit a valid original design to the MTA, he had to demonstrate he actually did all the work. The reality of the mech industry was that mech designers often cheated in their work. The worst cases involved stealing someone else’s work through hacking or applying pressure.
 "It’s best to bring in the MTA right from the start. I should send my development logs to their servers."
 He took some time to setup a secure connection to the MTA. Once every day, his computer systems passed along his documents, his data sets and more. He even included camera recordings of himself working on the design. This should leave ironclad proof that he alone developed the phoenix knight.
 That was very important. A mech designer’s first original design should always be the culmination of his own efforts. While he’d be allowed to employ assistants or specialists who worked on the components, the overall design of the mech must always be the reflection of a designer’s skill.
 Otherwise, any designer could ask a senior to ’help’ him along. How could anyone be proud of their first original design if the senior did ninety percent of the work?
 After establishing a connection, Ves was ready to move on to the next phase of his project. "It’s time to mold my draft into an actual design."
 This would be the most important phase of his design project. Ves couldn’t afford any missteps at this point.
 To turn his draft into a design, he had to incorporate the newly acquired components and fill out all of the missing gaps in the schematic. He expected to face a lot of bumps in trying to make something work the way he wanted to. Ves had to be inventive in order to make all of its goodies fit inside a single frame.
 "At least it won’t be as bad as the Caesar Augustus. Trying to fit multiple weapon systems in a single frame is a lot harder than trying to design a simple knight."
 Ves faced two particular challenges in designing an offensive knight. First, he had to maintain a careful balance between mobility and protection. While he wanted to have the best of both, sometimes he could only prioritize one over the other. Ves had to make sure he didn’t overshoot his priorities and put their balance out of whack.
 His second priority lay in ensuring an adequate level of redundancy and compartmentalization in his mech’s internal architecture. The downside to trimming the waist of his design was that it cut back on a lot of space that could have been used to toughen up his mech’s internals.
 He pondered over the issue. "The Keltrex armor system should be able to prevent a lot of breaches. It’s not a disaster if my RF and CF ratios are merely average. A good mech pilot should be able to pull back before an enemy can exploit the holes in his mech."
 Unless it was a matter of life and death, mech pilots always retreated before their mechs sustained too many battle damage. It took only a few stray shots to completely ruin a mech’s internals. The benefits of staying in the field didn’t outweigh the risks of death or totalling an expensive machine.
 Before he embarked on his work, Ves wanted to take of any upcoming matters. He worked best if he could devote his entire concentration on his design.
 "Ves!" Carlos called as he stepped inside his office. "You’ve got another pair of visitors from your family."
 "Bring them to the lounge. I’ve been expecting them for a while."
 After brushing up his clothes, Ves met with the retainers the Larkinsons had groomed on Rittersberg.
 At first glance, the newcomers still retained the air of an elite from Rittersberg. The man looked like a typical bureaucrat, with his neatly groomed grey hair and impeccable suit. The woman looked younger, but still mature enough to occupy a senior position in a company. Both looked like they mean business.
 "Ves, it’s good to see you. My name is Jake Altern and this is Primrose Mackarie. We’ve been working on behalf of the Larkinson Estate for over a hundred years combined. I think you will find we can add a lot of value to the Living Mech Corporation if you let us take part in your venture."
 Ves shook both of their hands. "I’ve already inspected your resumes, and I’m fairly satisfied with your qualifications. However, both of you have mainly worked in the retail sector. You will find that managing a mech business is a whole other beast than running a department store."
 "We are aware of this shortcoming, but the Larkinsons have extensive connections to the mech industry."
 Jake and Primrose had made an effort to immerse themselves into the world of mechs by reading up a lot of industry-specific textbooks. They also exchanged knowledge with various industry insiders. Together with their existing business acumen, the two should be amply prepared to take the helm of any medium-sized mech manufacturer.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "I’m glad to hear you’ve made the extra mile. The LMC is still in its infancy at this point, but I expect a lot of growth in the future once I publish my first original design. I’m going to need a competent COO and CFO to support my company’s rise."
 Without any further hesitation, Ves appointed Jake as the COO and Primrose as the CFO.
 The chief operating officer often acted as the number two within the corporation. In the case of a mech manufacturer, the founder and principal mech designer usually occupied the title of CEO while the COO performed the actual day-to-day management of his company.
 Since Jake occupied various leadership positions for the businesses under the Larkinsons, Ves could think of no other suitable position for him to adopt. His age and experience should provide a steady hand at the top.
 The chief financial officer took care of the finances and bookkeeping of the company. The CFO led the financial department of a company, which managed the its accounts and made sure that no one secretly siphoned any money away. They also kept track of any transactions and made sure that their ledgers complied with the law.
 While Primrose’s resume did not look as impressive as Jake’s, her knowledge in the field of accounting surpassed anyone else in the entire company by far. Ves had always intended to hire on an accountant to straighten up his increasingly burdensome transactions.
 "The amount of money flying around will easily surpass a billion credits every year, spread over thousands of individual transactions. Right now, I don’t have a lot of contingencies if something goes wrong. I hope you can help me with that, Miss Primrose."
 "Just call me Primrose." She smiled at him. "I’ve already taken a peek at your records. It’s a bit crude, but not as messy as I’ve thought. There are a number of entries that your automated management suite has been producing a lot of errors."
 With his permission, Primrose brought up his asset listings and pointed out the nonsensical credit values attached to some of his licenses and his equipment. The accounting software mainly failed to estimate the proper values of things Ves had acquired by exchanging merits or DP.
 "Oh, yeah, I haven’t really thought of that." Ves awkwardly grinned. "The value of some of these things is very substantial but have a complicated background."
 For example, Ves had no clue how to estimate the credit value of his reconstructed Dortmund printer. It should be worth several billions of credits, but it wasn’t exactly market standard.
 Fortunately, his newly hired CFO didn’t mind the oversight. "I can take up this task. It’s imperative your company can deliver a proper accounting to the Republic’s tax office if asked. They may even confiscate your assets if you’ve been negligent in this area."
 That sounded very scary to Ves, so he eagerly handed off all responsibilities of this nature to Primrose.
 Besides discussing accounting, Ves also laid out his future plans to Jake. "I’d like you to take care of three things. First, I want you to setup an administrative department for the LMC. You don’t have to hire a lot of people, just make sure you hire enough to take care of all of the routine stuff that needs done."
 "Consider it done."
 "Next, I want you to help lay down the groundwork for the debut of my first original design. I don’t think I need to explain how important its success affects my company and my career. My biggest priority is to secure a fixed supplier to supply the most critical exotics for my design. I’ll send you the list."
 "That will be difficult to accomplish." Jake admitted. "A fixed supply contract is mostly established through existing connections or referrals and needs to be maintained through trust and communication. I think it’s best I hire a specialist that can facilitate a connection with a specific supplier."
 "Just get it done." Ves didn’t care about the specific method. "My third demand is to get a handle on the political situation of Cloudy Curtain. My business is hovering on uncertainty right now because the ruling coalition has a beef with me. I’ve got a part-time law student filling me in on the situation, but I don’t have the time to manage my relations with the scumbags in power."
 "It’s best to start up a relations department that can maintain ties with the local stakeholders of your company."
 "Sounds good."
 They had a fruitful talk about his intentions for the company. By the time the day came at an end, his new executives should have a good idea on how to perform their jobs. Ves would keep an eye on them, of course, but he didn’t expect any missteps on account of their experience.
 The addition of Jake and Primrose set the LMC’s household in order. Ves granted them a liberal amount of authority as the newly seated COO and CFO of his company. They utilized their power immediately by setting up a couple of departments and staffing them with young hires from Cloudy Curtain and Bentheim.
 "How many departments are you setting up?" Ves asked Jake as he drew up an increasingly complicated organization chart.
 "I’m only thinking of six so far. I’m setting up the Human Resource Management Department first to expand on our recruiting. Once we get that going, Primrose will be setting up the Finance Department while I’ll be hiring or appointing the people who can head the Marketing Department, the Research and Development Department, the Relations Department and the Production Department. I’ll be taking care of the Administrative Department myself."
 Ves practically leaned backwards when he heard his COO’s ambitious plan. "Don’t you think that’s a little much?"
 "Frankly, I’m surprised the Living Mech Corporation has made do with a handful of people so far. It’s not appropriate to run a company that’s worth a couple of billion credits with automated software and a few young enthusiasts. It’s time for the LMC to grow up and act like an adult."
 Even if Ves didn’t see the need to expand his administrative overhead right now, he sorely needed it once he unveiled his original design. "I can see the rationale for all of the departments you’ve mentioned, but It’s going to be a huge problem keeping everyone under control if you hire fifty people at a time. I want trustworthy people under my wing."
 He continually hammered on this priority. Ves would rather be understaffed than let a bunch of strangers get close to sensitive data and equipment.
 "There are methods we can use to minimize the risks. For a fee, we can resort to employment agencies that specialize in vetting job seekers. You’re not the first person who harbors these kinds of concerns. Corporate espionage is very prevalent in the mech industry."
 Unpleasantries like this could never be fully prevented. Rather than quiver in fear, Jake went on with his hiring spree, trusting his newly setup management systems to contain any attempts at sabotage or espionage.
 "A malicious actor can’t do much damage anyhow." Jake observed. "You’re a step ahead in terms of securing your software and hardware. Sanyal-Ablin enjoys a stellar reputation in this front."
 "They better be. I’m paying out of my nose for their services."
 His workshop’s office space had always appeared rather spacious, but within a matter of weeks, it became filled to the brim with new administrative recruits. Jake hired a bunch of flexible middle management types from a renowned employment agency in Bentheim to take charge of most departments.
 Besides a clean background, the managers also had to possess untapped potential so that they could grow with the company.
 New faces appeared in the office every day that Ves stopped bothering to learn their names. The officers of the various departments coordinated with the chief human resources officer to entice the right kind of people to join the company. Despite Cloudy Curtain’s lack of development, HRM managed to attract a lot of talent.
 "Bentheim isn’t a very pleasant place to live once you think about it." Jake explained to Ves. "Prices are high and public security is low. If criminals aren’t running roughshod around the streets, they still have to contend with the Bentheim Liberation Movement."
 "I thought the Mech Corps succeeded in containing the BLM."
 "Their off-world assets are diminished, but their roots will always be Bentheim itself. No one knows how many people they recruited and how many supplies they managed to scrounge up. Their leadership is in disarray right now, but they’ll hit back hard once they get their act together."
 That sounded very ominous. The news portals only published encouraging news that the BLM had been neutered to the point of barely being able to muster up a suicide bomber. On second thought, Ves considered that the government engaged in a very deliberate messaging strategy in order to sap momentum out of the rebels.
 "I see. What we see and hear in the news doesn’t always match up to the facts in the ground. How did you know?"
 "You can thank our new officers for that insight. Most of them are aware of the real circumstances on the ground when they still worked in Bentheim."
 A touch of worry appeared on his face. Ves did not know what to think about the backgrounds of his unfamiliar officers. The need for competence meant that his HRM department took on managers who previously worked for his competitors. Even if they officially cut their ties to their old company, they might be keeping in touch.
 Still, the added workforce already made a difference. They eased the procurement of materials and set his inventory straight. They straightened up his accounting and made sure they complied with the law. The chief relations officer even started probing various suppliers for the possibility of entering a mutually beneficial relationship with each other.
 Maisie Duval, his CRO, put it this way. "It’s much like dating if you think about it. There is plenty of fish in the sea, but you have to make an effort to find the right partner in the dark. Right now, I’m sending out a signal that tells the fish we’re interested while simultaneously looking out for potential partners that are doing the same."
 "What about the insular nature of the relationships at the top? Much of the resource market is kept in a stranglehold by the major industrial players."
 "It’s an ongoing issue, but I’m confident we can elbow our way into the periphery of their circle. We’re too small to threaten their core interests."
 In the meantime, Ves didn’t sit back and do nothing while his workforce expanded. He turned his attention back to his design project. Before he embarked with the next phase of his project, he decided it was time to spend his generous savings of DP on upgrading his various Skills. He holed up in his private office and turned on his Privacy Shield before starting up the Mech Designer System in his comm.
 "You’re still my secret weapon, baby. With you around, I’m certain to make a splash with my new design."
 The System had remained dormant all this time. Ves thought that he had been on the right track lately, so the System didn’t prompt him with annoying Missions to get him to progress his career. He had no doubt that once he slacked off, the devious System would slap him with an impossible task.
 "I love you, but you’re still a bastard."
 As usual, the System pretended to be a soulless AI and declined to respond. Ves knew the real score, however. Of all the wonders he witnessed so far, he refused to believe the System was as dumb as it sometimes looked. He would wring the truth out of the System once and for all one day.
 "Status."
 [Status]
 Name: Ves Larkinson
 Profession: Apprentice Mech Designer
 Specializations: None
 Design Points: 97,279
 Attributes
 Strength: 1.3
 Dexterity: 0.8
 Endurance: 1.9
 Intelligence: 1.8
 Creativity: 1.9
 Concentration: 1.7
 Neural Aptitude: F
 Skills
 [Assembly]: Apprentice - [3D Printer Proficiency III] [Assembler Proficiency III]
 [Battle Mechatronics]: Apprentice
 [Business]: Apprentice
 [Computer Science]: Incompetent
 [Electrical Engineering]: Apprentice - [Structural Pathway Configuration II]
 [Mathematics]: Journeyman
 [Mechanics]: Journeyman - [Jury Rigging III] [Speed Tuning III]
 [Metallurgy]: Journeyman - [Alloy Compression II]
 [Metaphysics]: Incompetent
 [Physics]: Journeyman - [Directed Energy Weapon Optimization II] [Lightweight Armor Optimization I] [Mediumweight Armor Optimization III] [Melee Weapon Optimization II]
 [Salvaging]: Apprentice
 [Signals and Communications]: Apprentice
 Abilities
 [Superpublish]: Available. Can be activated once a year.
 Evaluation: A post-human mech designer with a random collection of Skills.
 "You’re hinting something at me, right? That remark on my evaluation isn’t a random statement."
 The System sneakily expressed its opinion about the depth and breadth of his Skills. It thought that Ves lacked focus in any particular area.
 "Most of my major Skills are Journeyman-level, so at least I have a solid foundation."
 However, no mech designer truly excelled with only a good foundation. They had to offer something special to differentiate their products from the competition. The key lay in the Sub-Skills, which Ves had to admit he spread his attention somewhat. He possessed Sub-Skills that covered both ranged and melee mechs, for example.
 Since Ves prioritized the development of an offensive knight, he decided to spend over 80,000 DP on Skills related to this archetype, leaving 20,000 DP as an emergency reserve.
 "It will be a bit dangerous to drain my pool of DP, but I don’t think there are any threats on the horizon that will push me to the brink."
 Ves had no intentions of leaving Cloudy Curtain for the foreseeable future. He already felt quite secure with Raella and Melkor taking up routine patrolling duties around the perimeter of his compound. Sanyal-Ablin prevented assassins and saboteurs from getting in while Walter’s Whalers deterred the criminal elements of society from disturbing his work.
 "There’s a time to save and there’s a time to spend. I can’t hold back when I’m about to design my first original mech."
 He proceeded to spend his DP like a man who won the lottery.
 [Assembly - Journeyman]: 2,000 DP
 [Electrical Engineering - Journeyman]: 2,000 DP
 [Signals and Communications - Journeyman]: 1,600 DP
 First he upgraded a couple of his Major Skills that stalled in the Apprentice-level. All of them played a very integral role in enhancing his ability to design a good mech.
 The upgrades enlightened him to many insights. Ves had to take a break for a couple of hours to digest the influx of knowledge. Even with his augmented mind, he still had to sort out the complicated theories and mountains of practical know-how all at once.
 [Melee Weapon Optimization III]: 2,000 DP
 [Melee Weapon Optimization IV]: 4,000 DP
 [Mediumweight Armor Optimization IV]: 2,400 DP
 [Speed Tuning IV]: 1,600 DP
 After that, he gradually upgraded the related optimization Sub-Skills. At the fourth level, these Sub-Skills started to show their strength, granting Ves many little nuggets of knowledge that took Journeyman Mech Designers years to figure out on their own.
 The optimization Sub-Skills didn’t necessarily widened his options, but they allowed him to make the most of what he already got. They helped him spot more flaws and provided him with a little more solutions to squeeze out more performance out of his design. Reaching the fourth level in those Sub-Skills practically doubled his library of tricks.
 Ves knew the value of this knowledge. "It’s like I’ve apprenticed to a Journeyman Mech Designer for years and accompanied him as he designed his mechs. This isn’t something I can learn from any book."
 [Structural Pathway Configuration III]: 4,000 DP
 [Alloy Compression III]: 4,000 DP
 The following two Sub-Skills enhanced his ability to design the interior and exterior of his knight. Unlike the optimization Sub-Skills, Structural Pathway Configuration and Alloy Compression came with a lot of heavy theories that required Ves to employ his Major Skills to the limit to digest them all. The burden they placed on his Skills discouraged him from upgrading them to the fourth level.
 "It’s already sufficient for me to reach the third level in those two Sub-Skills." Ves decided after he recovered from the burden placed on his mind.
 Now that he upgraded his existing Sub-Skills, Ves turned to acquiring some new ones, trusting in his instincts that it was better to acquire them now than later.
 Since he had the DP to spare, Ves skipped over the cheaper Sub-Skills and started to consider the more exotic ones. One particular Sub-Skill for Battle Mechatronics stood out like a torch in the dark.
 [Knight Mech Mastery I]: 40,000 DP
 The extravagant price tag already hinted at its value despite its entry-level status. Every Sub-Skill that possessed the word Mastery came with a correspondingly high price. Ves had the sense that only Journeyman Mech Designers embarked on the road to developing their Masteries.
 "There’s got to be something special about a Mastery if the System feels obliged to demand so much DP."
 What did Masteries entail to make them so valuable?
 The System declined to provide an explanation on the nature of Masteries. The lack of description surrounding the various Mastery Sub-Skills roused his interests, especially since they seem to be advanced skills. The amount of DP required to learn the subsequent levels of a particular Mastery rose to a ridiculous figure.
 Ves found it prudent to take a step back and find out more about this mysterious set of Sub-Skills. He browsed the galactic net, finding plenty of references, but nothing solid. It appeared the mech industry treated it like a trade secret that should only be kept within their circle.
 "Interesting."
 Fortunately, he found an introduction on the matter when he logged into the Clifford Society’s online portal. He played a brief recording of a Star Designer lecturing in front of a conference of Masters over a hundred-and-fifty years ago.
 "Mechs. We design them. We build them. We sell them. But do we understand them?" The elderly woman started. Despite her frail stature, her identity as one of the best mech designers in the galaxy shone through the brilliance of her eyes.
 The audience remained silent. Despite their eminent status, the woman standing on the podium in front of them could easily beat them black and blue in any direct comparison.
 "How many of you have ever piloted a mech? Simulations don’t count."
 A few hands rose up, but by and large, over ninety percent of the crowd had never truly piloted a real mech.
 The old lady smirked. "Ah, you may think it doesn’t matter. It certainly hasn’t stopped me from reaching this height. It is a common understanding among our profession that you can only fully dedicate your life to pilot a mech or design them. No one among us has managed to advance to a Master Mech Designer while simultaneously becoming an ace pilot. It can’t be done."
 Everyone nodded in agreement at that statement. It took an extraordinary effort for professional mech pilots to progress from advanced pilot to expert pilot, from expert pilot to ace pilot, and from ace pilot to the exalted rank of god pilot. The latter of which enjoyed so much worship that they even exceeded the status of Star Designer.
 "Yet how can we design mechs for the best pilots in the galaxy if we don’t understand their perspective? Our individual design process is riddled with our own biases that we’ve formed through our own studies. Perhaps at the start of our careers, our shallow understanding of the piloting profession won’t affect our designs that much, since our customer base is largely composed of regular pilots or advanced pilots at most. Yet will that superficial understanding of what mech pilots are going through be sufficient when you become a Journeyman or a Senior?"
 Among the crowd, a hand rose up. "In my entire career of designing mechs, I’ve never stepped foot inside a cockpit. But I’ve always listened closely to my customers and my in-house test pilots. I’ve never received any complaints about incompatibilities of severe discomforts about my products."
 "Ah, but these are ignorant pilots who don’t know any better. Just because they are unable to perceive any flaws doesn’t mean they don’t exist. If you compare a mech designed by you to a similar mech designed by someone who understands, the difference will be very apparent."
 Everyone looked confused. What did she mean by understanding?
 "Understanding means knowing what a mech pilot is going through when he pilots your mechs!" She exclaimed as she clapped her hands. "It is not enough to read a memoir or two. You need to understand their thought processes, their reflexes, their skills, their reaction time and more! The best way to understand a mech pilot is to become one!"
 "But we just found out that most of us lack the aptitude to become a mech pilot."
 "I just told you it’s the best way, not the only way!" The lady snapped back. "Think outside the box for a moment! To design better mechs, we must understand the people who will use them. So your neural aptitude makes you unsuitable to pilot a mech, big deal. If we can’t interface with a machine, why not interface with the mech pilots themselves?"
 The revelation came as a bombshell. The neural interface had been developed many years ago as a way for neurologists to investigate the minds of their patients. Mind-to-mind connections quickly proved exceedingly dangerous as many instances of improper use led to permanent brain damage among the observer and the recipient.
 The technology had only been salvaged four-hundred years ago when a genius had the bright idea of connecting a person to a mech to solve its complicated control issues. The dangers proved much less substantial as the mind of a mech was nonexistent compared to the mind of a person.
 "It is not the Age of Stars or the Age of Conquest! Technology has advanced! We understand much more about the neural interface now that it has proliferated with the help of our profession. There are many experts in the field of neurology who have taken the neural interface and made it into a safer device to connect with another human’s mind."
 "Have you... have you actually interfaced with a pilot?"
 "I did." She smiled, to the stupefaction of the crowd. Even if she claimed that the technology had become safer, the Masters hadn’t gotten rid of their doubts. "I am still alive, as you can see. I can count to ten without stuttering and I can still go to the toilet without assistance. As long as you take the necessary precautions, there are many benefits to be gained by interfacing with a skilled mech pilot!"
 "What do you get out of interfacing with a mech pilot? Is this a way to become a mech pilot ourselves?"
 "Don’t talk nonsense." The Star Designer shook her head. "Interfacing is not a way to copy another person’s efforts the way you can copy a file from one data pad to another. Each human is unique. It’s impossible for us to copy a mech pilot’s skills, as much of it is embedded in his reflexes, muscle memory and other properties that are exclusive to his body."
 Then what benefits did she obtain to make the risky venture pay off?
 "I can’t explain to you how wondrous it feels to connect your mind with another. The connection goes both ways, and while it is possible to block sensitive memories from your partner, it will destabilize the connection if you go too far. So up to a certain extent, it is best to interface with someone you trust."
 She went on the describe the advantage of interfacing with a pilot. The Star Designer did not set out to steal a mech pilot’s memories, but merely wanted to experience the sensations of piloting a mech first-hand.
 "There are many tiny aspects about piloting mechs that escape your grasp. I have learned so many new things and corrected so many misperceptions after I embarked on this exploration. As mech designers, we often receive second-hand or third-hand information on what a mech pilot is going through. Neural interfacing enables us to blur the boundaries between yourself and your partner, allowing you to perceive the piloting experience first-hand from the best."
 Someone realized the significance of her wording. "That sounds like as if you interfaced with a mech pilot who interfaced with a mech!"
 "Exactly! The best possible moment to understand a mech pilot is when he actively pilots a mech! The brain activities that goes on in his mind can never be fully expressed if he lays down in a clinical lab with a device stuck onto his head."
 No one had ever thought such a mad idea could work. If interfacing a pair was already fraught with risk, then connecting three people at once always ended in disaster. Researchers who pushed the boundaries always ended off in jail after turning all of their test subjects into brain-dead idiots.
 "I’m still alive and well, as you can see, so don’t look too surprised! The risks are great, but the potential gains more than makes up it. My designs have improved remarkably to the point where ace pilots and god pilots have formed a decades-long waiting list for me to design a personal mech for them! It is because out of all my competitors, only I can fully tailor a mech that can bring out their full potential."
 Once the crowd of Masters got over their shock, they started to see the advantages of understanding the minds of elite pilots.
 The few potentates among them had never advanced beyond the rank of advanced pilot. To push themselves to expert pilots required a complete dedication to the warrior profession. No one had any delusions of advancing any further, so they never held any ambitions of understanding the perspective of ace pilots and god pilots.
 Yet what they learned today opened the door to greater understanding. Comprehending the mindset of elite pilots finally became possible through the use of neural interfacing.
 The Star Designer proceeded to explain her setup and the many technical challenges she faced. Much of it must be grossly outdated by now, but Ves still found it useful as the old lady explained the concepts that made the process work.
 "Human-to-human neural interfacing can be used beyond getting into the minds of a mech pilot. Currently, I’ve partnered up with the MTA to research ways in which a mech designer can interface with a variety of soldiers and athletes to achieve a greater understanding on how to exploit the humanoid form, and thus achieve complete Mastery over a particular type of mech."
 "Are there any dangers besides the obvious?"
 "Good question!" The old woman praised. "Neural interfacing can go wrong even if you have the perfect setup with the right hardware. Think about what you are embarking on when you put on the neural interface. You are connecting your mind with another person. To illustrate how dangerous this can be, imagine if any of you, each with over a hundred years of life experience, would interface with a baby barely a day old."
 Everyone who surpassed the age of hundred possessed a formidable mind, and that went double for Master Mech Designers.
 "We’ve never tried it, of course, but the neurologists and researchers all project utter disaster for the baby. In order to insure the interfacing won’t overwhelm one mind or the other, it is important to balance them out in terms of mental strength. A simple old farmer who barely reached his hundredth year possesses the same strength of will as a child barely into his teens."
 That meant that age was not the only factor. This basically meant that mech designers had to interface with mech pilots who closely matched their age, intelligence, life experience and career development.
 For example, a Master Mech Designer should only interface with an ace pilot, while a Star Designer should only interface with a god pilot. Any mismatch on either side could lead to the weaker side sustaining permanent brain damage.
 "What about interfacing with an animal?"
 Everyone laughed at that question. The notion sounded so dangerous it was comical for someone to even entertain the suggestion.
 "Even I’m not that crazy." The woman replied with a rueful smile. "Despite the many strides we’ve made to minimize the risks, the neural interface technology is still immature. It will take many decades before we can even begin to interface with felines and canids."
 Once the recording came at an end, Ves sat back and digested what he learned. "So that’s a thing."
 After a hundred-and-fifty years, the state of neural interfacing must have made a lot of strides. Ves checked the Clifford Society on any other mentions of Mastery, and found a few oblique references.
 It turned out that only major institutions like the Leemar Institute of Technology offered the facilities to conduct human-to-human neural interfacing. One document stated that only direct disciples of Masters would be eligible to take part in this tightly controlled process.
 This explicitly left out someone like Ves with only a loose connection to Master Olson. He felt a little indignant at missing out on goodies like developing your Masteries. If the System didn’t offer it with a huge amount of DP, Ves would never know what he lacked compared to other mech designers.
 "Seeing it’s like this, it’s no wonder that the System charges 40,000 DP for the first level of a Mastery."
 Despite the painfully high price, Ves became enamored by the idea of skipping out the risky process of interfacing with a bunch of strangers. Besides the difficulty of getting access to this exclusive process, Ves did not wish to let anyone rummage through his mind as he rummaged through theirs.
 "The price is high, but the benefits and the convenience must be huge as well. I’d be a fool to miss out on a Mastery."
 Despite the uncertainty swirling around this new and explosive field of knowledge, Ves pulled the trigger and bought the Mastery from the System.
 A flood of scorching heat suddenly emitted from his comm. After a long period of dormancy, the System roused its might for the first time in a very long time.
 [Engaging dimensional and temporal neuro-translocation. Please rest in a comfortable position. Initiating in 10... 9... 8...]
 "What the hell?"
 [6... 5... 4...]
 "What is neuro-trans-"
 [1... 0... Initiating transfer!]
 The world changed as if his mind had been sucked into a wormhole. He clearly felt his body being left behind as if a giant scoop pulled out his consciousness and dragged it along a distance that Ves could not even begin to describe.
 Longer than expected but shorter than he thought, the wild ride suddenly ended when his mind abruptly crashed into a body.
 A different body.
 "Barley!" A strong smack thumped on his back. "Get your head back in gear! I know we’re up in an avalanche of dirtbags, but we can make it through! Persevere!"
 Ves instinctively turned around and straightened his back. "We’ll get ’em, Captain!"
 "Glad to hear it." Captain Osprey smiled at him, though he couldn’t hide the glint of bone-dragging weariness from his eyes. " Make sure your Cepth-S is in shape to deploy in the next shift. Intelligence think the dirtbags are cooking up an assault, I want to make sure my best knight is raring to go."
 "Will do, sir!"
 Once the captain walked away, Ves took stock of his surroundings while he nursed his aching head. Ves somehow ended up in the body of an average advanced mech pilot named Ivan Barley in the Chittering Cicada Star Sector.
 "It’s over fifty years ago!"
 From the memories Ves had access to, everyone fought with mechs that were two or three generations older than the modern norm. The System not only stuffed him inside a body halfway across the galaxy, it also sent him back in time, all without destroying Ves or Barley’s minds!
 To say that Ves had complete control over Barley’s body would be wrong. Ves likened his current situation as a pair of images being superimposed upon each other. Barley was still Barley. Ves was still Ves. The joint entity they made up comprised of both.
 "I am still Barley!" He uttered to himself. "No matter what kind of weirdness is going on, I still have a battle to fight!"
 Both of them agreed to push aside their existential crisis in favor of addressing the bigger threat to their lives. The invasion of dirtbags onto their current planet.
 From what Ves understood from Barley’s memories, he fought for a fairly strong third-rate state called the Exilis Domain. While it couldn’t match any of the second-rate states of the Chittering Cicada Star Sector, its relatively abundant territory transformed it into a regional bully among the other third-rate states.
 Owing to its size and its wealth, the Exilis Domain frequently threw their weight around. It didn’t help that its neighboring states all consisted of piddling petty republics. The citizens often considered their territory to be the palace among the wilderness, with the surrounding states making up the dirt that borders it. Hence why everyone from the Exilis Domain called them dirtbags.
 Quite predictably, the neighboring states had enough of being bullied around by the Domain and decided to form an Alliance. Faster than the Domain thought possible, the Lokis Alliance united their armed forces and formed a vast Mech Legion to hit back against their regional aggressor.
 The war had dragged on for two years now. Barley fought in the war from the start, but the constant battle slowly took a toll on his mind and his mech. Currently, he’d been tasked with defending the local underground headquarters on a low priority rural planet.
 Neither side commited a lot of mechs to this war zone. This slowed down the pace of battles and broke them up into smaller skirmishes as both sides wanted to preserve their mechs and supplies.
 "Right now, I should check my mech."
 Ves navigated the sturdy alloy corridors of the underground base. Like every other pilot, he constantly wore his piloting suit in case he needed to be deployed immediately. His suit’s climate controls already started to fail from constant use and lack of maintenance.
 No one minded his odor because everyone else radiated their own stink. Besides, once he reached the mech stables, the harsh smell of metals and fuel overpowered any human scent.
 "Chief!" He called out to the burly man overlooking his mech technicians from a ramp. "How’s it going?"
 "It’s been better, Barley." Chief Jackson shook his head as he chewed on a stimulant. "We’ve already exhausted the supply shipment we received last week. I did the best I could to fix up your Jimmy, but I prioritized the shield arm over the sword arm."
 That sounded kind of bad. His Jimenez had dueled against a swordsman mech in his last engagement. His knight received a lot of cuts trying to block the tricky sword strikes from the much more agile mech.
 "I’ll take a look myself." Ves replied with a tone of resignation. "Don’t work yourself to death, chief!"
 "Hah! I’d rather die from exhaustion than let the dirtbags shoot me in the head." Jackson laughed and strolled away.
 From his experience on Groening IV, he knew that the maintenance department was straining its time and resources to the breaking point. They had to triage the mechs in order of importance and rank. The more expensive machines piloted by the officers got their turn first before the average mechs like his Jimenez received some attention.
 When Ves reached his Jimenez, his enthusiasm deflated like a pricked balloon. Its design was bog-standard for its time, featuring the maximum amount of armor that a medium knight could carry. Along with its plain but serviceable sword and kite shield, the Jimenez had obviously been designed as a defensive knight.
 "It’s a slow, lumbering moving shield."
 Strangely enough, the insights of Ves the mech designer and Barley the mech pilot combined in an unprecedented clear perspective on the merits of the Jimenez. Even if its designer lacked boldness and inspiration, he did a good job in designing a capable workhorse. Barley had piloted his Jimenez through dozens of battles and skirmishes over the last two years and the machine hadn’t let him down.
 Barley had developed a bond with his mech. Even if the machine had been mass-produced without any love, his irrational affection for his mech pulled him through the constant fighting. While Barley hardly ever thought about the significance of his feeling, Ves found it to be a curious phenomenon.
 If someone like Barley piloted a gold label mech fabricated by Ves, he’d be able to achieve a much greater synergy with his machine.
 The way Barley approached his routine check relied on feeling rather than a solid understanding of the physical makeup of his mech. He mainly tapped against the worn-out armor plating of his mech and stepped inside the cockpit without it on, preferring to breathe in the smells in the dark.
 To be frank, he wasn’t inspecting his mech for flaws so much as to distract him from his worries about the war. All of that stress and worry faded away once he stepped inside the sanctuary of his mech.
 Still, the addition of Ves prompted a change in routine. He turned on the console and checked the diagnostics of his Jimenez. Most of the technical readouts should mean gibberish to Barley, but Ves gained a good understanding of the state of his mech.
 "Goddamnit. How many corners have been cut?"
 A knight should be durable, and a defensive knight should be even sturdier. What Ves gleaned from the diagnostics was that the design incorporated sub-standard materials and the manufacturer didn’t pay much attention to quality control.
 Ves pulled up a hidden setting buried beneath the operating system of the mech. It summarized the complicated data into a color-shaded schematic of the Jimenez.
 "No need to thank me, Barley."
 Half of the components went from green condition to yellow condition. While that sounded mild, a mech should only reach this stage after ten years of regular use or five years of intensive fighting. A few critical areas such as the sword arm blinked in an alarming shade of orange with a smattering of red.
 The overall picture looked discouraging, but it could have been worse. He suppressed the urge to pick up a multitool and perform some easy fixes to his mech. It would have been out of character for a musclehead like Barley to gain any form of technical competence.
 It still ached his teeth to let those faults remain in place. "It’s like boarding a shuttle with sputtering thrusters. You just know it will kill you one day."
 A few hours went by as Ves and Barley re-familiarized themselves with their mech. The marrying of Barley’s intuitive understanding of his machine with Ves’ extensive technical background resulted in a lot of new insights for both.
 "Ah, so that’s why the arms are so frail despite their thick construction. The alloys that make up the internal frame are great at absorbing sudden impacts, but is prone to erosion if subjected to a constant level of low-impact shocks."
 "The power reactor is the best part of this mech. It’s obviously licensed from a major trans-galactic corporation. I don’t have to worry about power supply as long as the internals hold up."
 "Enduring constant attacks has shifted the dimensions of the Jimenez. It’s asymmetrical now, with the shield half being pushed back half a centimeter compared to the sword half. All of that caused the frame to deform and open up more fault lines.
 "What kind of grease monkey had the bright idea to fix the transceiver coupling with a copper wire?!"
 A lack of personnel along with the need to work as fast and frugal as possible led to a lot of inevitable screwups. The lackluster longevity of the Jimenez also didn’t help, as its design had been pitched to the Exilis Domain as a knight that could deliver a burst of peak performance whenever they decided to bully one of their formerly weak neighbors.
 Ves learned a lesson from this realization. "Assumptions don’t always pan out. You can plan ahead for your design, but that doesn’t mean they’re subjected to their intended use."
 The Domain had no other choice but to stretch out the service lives of their mechs. The conflict raging at its borders had dragged on for so long because the hatred had grown too deep to settle with a couple of set piece battles.
 Ves didn’t care too much about the war but Barley felt otherwise. His disdain for the so-called dirtbags had turned into blind hatred after losing so many friends and colleagues to their stubborn aggression.
 An alarm suddenly rang from the speakers. "Alert! Long-range sensors have detected scouts approaching our position!"
 Everyone dropped their routine and entered into a frenzy. The mech technicians hastily put the half-repaired mechs back together while the mech pilots gathered up in front of their officers.
 Captain Osprey paced back and forth in front of his diminished platoon of eleven pilots. There used to be thirty among their number.
 "It’s not likely the dirtbags sniffed us out, but their scouts are ranging closer than we’re comfortable with. Given time, their scouting systems will be able to read the traces that our mechs have inevitably left behind and follow them straight to our base. Our job is to stop them before they make it that far!"
 "Won’t they know we’re close if we show up out of the blue?" Shaundra asked as she scratched her head. Her hair had already started greying.
 "That’s why we’re taking our mechs through a backup tunnel and emerge from the other side. We’ll pretend we’ve been conducting a long-ranged patrol and happened to have stumbled upon the scouts. If all goes well, we can fool them into thinking that our base is on the other side of this sector."
 "How many mechs are we facing?"
 "Seven or nine, the scanners aren’t very clear about that. We’re mainly dealing with light mechs, so we should be able to smash them apart with force. Any further questions?"
 They boarded their mechs once everyone understood the stakes. Ves entered his own Jimenez and roused it from its slumber. For Barley, one battle was like any other, but for Ves it was an entirely novel experience.
 "This is my first time stepping into battle as a mech pilot."
 Barley’s constant reassurance lessened the fear that threatened to overwhelm Ves. He wondered if he would die for real if Barley happened to meet an unfortunate end. Would the System pull back his consciousness in time, or leave him to die as a consequence of his failure?
 He couldn’t afford to take the risk. "I have to survive."
 Barley’s lust of battle pushed aside his fear. He became eager to experience how a real mech pilot fought.
 Barley deployed on the field with his Jimenez along with Captain Osprey and ten other pilots. If anyone looked at their mechs, they’d shake their heads and say what a sad sight they represented. Every mech featured scratches, scuff marks and even pockets of rust. The melee mechs had it worse than the rifleman mechs..
 Captain Osprey commanded only two medium knights, one of them being Barley’s mech. The success of the upcoming engagement rested largely on Barley’s ability to endure under pressure.
 For a seasoned mech pilot who already went through this slog for two years, Barley shouldn’t feel worried. For a young mech designer who mainly ran away when faced with threats to his life, Ves felt as if he entered the women’s bathroom.
 "I don’t really belong here."
 He kept those words to himself. No need to worry his comrades and his superior officer that their reliable knight pilot suddenly shared his mindspace with a mech designer from the future.
 "Is this even the past? I don’t believe that’s even possible! This must be an elaborate simulation or an alternate universe at most!"
 The implications of actual time travel frightened him beyond belief. Who knew how many entities messed about the timelines if it actually became convenient for them to travel back and forth in time.
 "Barley." The captain uttered over the secure channel. The Jimenez’s tranceiver was in a shoddy state, leading to a fair amount of static even if another mech stood right next to it. "I know your machine’s sword arm is bad, so I won’t let you take point this time. Johnson’s Jimenez is in a decent shape compared to yours, so I’m putting him up as the vanguard. You’ll be taking the rear to keep an eye out for ambushes."
 "Got it, sir."
 "Be sure to stay on your feet. If Johnson has to back out early, we’re going to need your shield arm at the front!"
 Barley’s pride as a knight pilot swelled at being given the role as a protector. With his stodgy attitude and unsophisticated mind, he excelled in enduring the rigors of piloting a knight.
 To Ves, Barley’s personality provided him with a valuable window into his clientele. He realized that someone who specialized in piloting defensive knights would not enjoy switching over to an offensive knight. They preferred slow, deliberate and reactive combat over faster maneuvers and taking the initiative.
 "I don’t want to be in charge." He reaffirmed his thoughts.
 Before Ves could mull over the implications, Osprey alerted them that they neared the projected zone where the scouts had been nosing about. "It’s showtime, lads. Everyone, slip into battle formation. Johnson, stick close to Eloise, she’s our sharpest shot after Fitzgerald kicked the bucket."
 Barley took up the rear as ordered. His mech continued forward while its sensors scanned the rear. At their current state, the enemy would likely detect them first, but Osprey’s personal mech possessed some pretty good sensors as well, so they’d be able to force a fight regardless.
 "Contact!" Osprey barked. Their screens updated with the positions of the enemy mechs. "They’re spreading out, pursue!"
 Their mechs huffed towards the closest enemy bogey as fast as possible while still keeping together. The presence of the two lumbering knights slowed them down, making it impossible to catch the enemy scouts if they persisted in their flight.
 "These cowardly dirtbags aren’t even turning around to take a peek at us!" Osprey cursed as he decided whether to ditch his protection in order to catch up to the slower enemy scouts. Caution prevailed, however. "There’s something funny about this. The dirtbags aren’t splitting up. They aren’t running closer to our base and into our trap either. It’s as if... they’re leading us into a trap of their own!"
 Too late! The enemy scouts slowed their flight and turned around to close the net. From the sides, several more signatures emerged as mechs appeared from underneath their sensor-blocking camouflage.
 "Two from the west, three from the east and three from the south!"
 Along with the seven scouts that had been leading them on, that meant their unit faced a total of seventeen mechs! Several of his fellow pilots started to curse in the open channel. Someone even suggested that a traitor leaked the details of their deployment.
 "Can it, folks! Traitor or not, there’s enough enemies to go around, no need to look behind our backs!"
 Captain Osprey eventually ordered them to make a stand while he hollared back to base to send some backup. Help would be on the way, but the chase had led them far away. The first wave of reinforcements was already on its way.
 "Nine minutes! We have to hold our ground for nine minutes! That’s all I’m asking for!"
 Everyone became determined to last this long. Barley felt proud for being given the responsibility to help their unit endure the coming ambush. Ves did not share his enthusiasm for turning to a sitting duck, but he had to make do with what he got.
 With contact imminent, Ves relinquished much of the control of their body back to the original personality. He had no delusions that he could outperform Barley’s expertise in handling the Jimenez.
 His decision proved wise, as Barley’s instincts prompted him to jump his mech to the left and catch an errant sniper round aimed for Eloise’s mech.
 "Thanks Barley!"
 "No problem, sweetie!"
 As Barley positioned his Jimenez to catch another volley of incoming fire, Ves grew fascinated with the way he fought. His perspective inside Barley’s mind allowed him to witness up close how a knight pilot thought and acted.
 "It’s a lot more instinctive than I thought."
 Many times, lasers and projectiles appeared too sudden to respond, yet Barley managed to anticipate at least a third of their fire. Much of it had to do with pooling his experience, instincts and his intimate knowledge on the armament of his enemies into his instictive reactions. It was akin to a form of enhanced gut feeling that allowed him to block so many shots.
 "Is this what an advanced pilot is capable of?" His impression of defensive knights had already gone up a notch so far.
 Skirmishers are closing in! Don’t let them take out our rifleman mechs!"
 Osprey’s men shifted gears. They stopped trading potshots at distant mechs and started firing their weapons in longer bursts at the incoming light mechs. Barley quickly noted that the enemy mechs wielded daggers, which meant that they felt confident they could get past Barley and knife the vulnerable ranged mechs.
 "Not on my watch!" Barley uttered as he changed the footing of his knight. The Jimenez waited for the closest skirmisher to come within a hundred meters before springing his mech to the side. "Caught you!"
 The weak sword arm held up for now as the Jimenez managed to rake one of the skirmisher’s arm with his heavy knight sword. The weight of the blade did most of the work, successfully chunking the thin and fragile limb.
 The Skirmisher lost its balance from the blow. A friendly spearman mech quickly capitalized on the vulnerability and punctured the unbalanced enemy with a stab through the chest.
 The first blow was made in haste and without momentum, allowing the Skirmisher to sacrifice much of its armor to bounce away from the blow. Unfortunately for the enemy pilot, Captain Osprey slashed it from the other side with a single stroke from his swordsman mech. The enemy didn’t stand a chance.
 "Help out Blazer and Eloise!"
 Barley had already dismissed the first skirmisher as soon as it skidded out of his range. The limited mobility of his knight didn’t allow him to chase after his opponents. Instead, his responsibility was to defend a zone and make it diffiult for enemies to approach his position from a certain angle.
 The presence of the two knights at the front and the rear constrained the enemy by their presence alone. The light mechs possessed no wish to confront them directly, which forced them to approach the cornered Domain pilots from the sides.
 In turn, the limited approach vectors allowed the defenders to concentrate their fire in only two directions instead of four. They already took out three foolhardy skirmishers who thought their speed and agility would make them impossible to hit.
 The dirtbags learned their lesson and waited for the noose to tighten before they reengaged.
 "The medium boys are here now!"
 A handful of medium mechs that weighed on the lighter end of their weight class arrived to take point. Barley mainly had to deal with three swordsman mechs of different make. While he possessed a vague familiarity of their designs, he didn’t know enough about their capabilities to prevail against three at once.
 Sweat poured down from his head where the neural interface connected to his head. Barley had ended up in a number of tight spots over the course of the war, but never did he face such dire circumstances.
 Ves found it admirable that Barley still maintained his duty towards the Domain and kinship towards his comrades. He never thought of flinching away. It betrayed the very core of the principles he held as a knight.
 As the three enemy swordsman mechs closed in, Barley figured out their plans. They’d leave the middle mech to tie up his Jimenez while letting the other two mechs run roughshod over his unit’s vulnerable ranged mechs.
 The awful thing about their plan was that Barley could do nothing to stop them. Any decent pilot of a swordsman mech learned how to leverage its mobility to constrain a knight mech.
 Even though Ves was shaking in his metaphorical boots, his considerable mind constantly studied the designs of the enemy mechs. He realized quickly that they didn’t appear to be in tip-top shape either. The Alliance forces on this remote planet suffered from a lack of supplies as well.
 The faded scars of battle damage told its own story. Ves possessed a decent amount of experience with repairing damaged mechs, so he was able to read the markings as clear as day.
 "Target the middle mech’s legs! It’s been blown apart before, and whoever replaced them employed weaker alloys underneath the standard system!"
 The mech technicians did a good job disguising the inferior patch job underneath a top layer of standard armor. Any regular mech pilot wouldn’t know the difference, but Ves was different.
 Upon his advice, Barley slammed the bottom edge of his mech’s shield against the nearest leg of his immediate opponent.
 CRUNCH!
 The swordsman mech lost its footing as its right leg gave out. Barley spent an errant moment stepping his mech’s foot against the other leg, which crippled the stricken mech.
 Barley had no time to finish off his victim as he also had the other two mechs to contend. His comrades already had their hands full in fending off the remaining dirtbag mechs. If these other two mechs attacked them from the flank, then their unit would quickly be wiped out!
 "Focus!" They both said to themselves as the turned their attention to the left.
 Ves already analyzed its major weak point and relayed them to Barley with the speed of thought. Barley slammed the shield close and blocked the next sword strike before hitting back with his own thrust that slipped through the sloppily sealed gap between the lower left side of his opponent’s torso.
 The swordsman mech lost all power and dropped to the ground like a lumbering ox that got hit by a tranquilizer.
 Having taking care of his second opponent, Barley strained his mech to turn around as fast as possible to hurl his shield high against the final swordsman mech’s head.
 The errant throw dislodged the head from the frame entirely, momentarily disorienting the pilot as he had to get used to a sudden shift in perspective as his mech’s backup sensors took over his primary view. A sword thrust from the rear downed the bewildered mech before it could recover.
 "I don’t know who you are, but you’re goddamn smart! Keep ’em coming!" Barley yelled as he shifted his mech towards Eloise to help her fend off a skirmisher mech.
 The enemies closest to his Jimenez noticed his abnormal performance. They lessened the pressure on his comrades in order to deal with the greater threat.
 "Ves?" Jake knocked on the door of the office. He tried to contact his friend through the company channel but failed to get a response. "There’s an issue regarding the board of directors I’d like to talk to you about. Are you in?"
 Nothing happened. The door remained stubbornly shut like a high security vault.
 He started getting worried. Ves had a habit of focusing on his work for days at a time, but he usually put down his work if someone needed his input. This was the first time Jake couldn’t get a hold of his boss.
 He considered calling security to force open the door, but called it off after Carlos noticed his concerns.
 "Ves can get really intense sometimes. You haven’t seen him when he designs a mech. He’s obsessed to the point of being deaf to the rest of the universe."
 "What if he’s having a seizure or something?"
 "Hey, what age are we living in right now? His comm will send out an alert if something’s wrong. Nah, it’s best to leave him alone while he’s in the zone. You don’t want to ruin his mood when he’s in the process of designing one of the most important mechs in his career."
 As the COO of the LMC, Jake knew more than anyone else how much the company relied on the upcoming original design. The LMC could pump out variant after variant, but wouldn’t be able to ascend and make significant progress simply by making cheap copies of other people’s work.
 Despite the healthy market for variants, it carried the stigma of too many bad designs. The mech market simply trusted original designs more.
 Jake shook his head. "Well, if you get ahold of Ves, tell him his grandfather will nominate a number of people on the board of directors. A company of our size can’t make do with two. The law mandates at least a headcount of five board members for companies that earn more than a billion credits a year. We also have to form a number of committees including a labor committee and an ethics committee."
 "Sounds complicated." Carlos frowned. He felt sorry for Ves. "It’s a lot different than the old days when it was just me and the boss. I kind of miss the simplicity of it. Now I have to fill a half-dozen forms just to use the Dortmund to fabricate a spare bolt."
 "We’re not adding those procedures just to make life miserable. Part of it is to comply with safety and tracking laws, but it also helps cut down any possible abuse."
 The rapid expansion of the LMC left a lot of hiccups as the company didn’t have a formal structure in place that scaled with its growth. Jake and the other managers had to develop solutions on the fly in order to maintain control over their increasingly complex hierarchy.
 While Carlos and Jake talked about the changes that came with the professionalization of the LMC, Ves was having a desperate time keeping up with the fighting.
 "Barley! We’ve got incoming from your left!"
 "I know, but I have to fend off this bastard before he gets to Eloise!"
 The hunt-turned-ambush reached a desperate stage as the attackers from the Alliance plowed past the defenses of the Domain mechs. Half of their rifleman mechs had already fallen, though Captain Osprey and his men gave as good as it got and disabled an equivalent number of opponents.
 What caused the combatant to fight as if possessed by devils was the fact that many of the downed mechs could still be recovered. Some of the mech pilots managed to eject, but many more remained stuck in their disabled machines as the ejection system failed to launch due to battle damage.
 The side who won would be able to salvage their mechs and the lives of their compatriots. As for the losers, they’d be captured or receive a summary execution.
 With the fate of so many brothers and sisters on the line, no one thought of making a retreat.
 In these circumstances, Barley’s performance clearly made a difference. He had already disabled three complacent mechs before an officer of the dirtbags stepped up to contain his seemingly berserk Jimenez.
 "I don’t know who you are, but don’t think of getting away from me while I’m here." The officer taunted as he flourished his curved sword for another tricky slash.
 "Get out of my way!" Barley shouted over the open channel as he turned his mech in a position to bash the officer’s mech with his shield. Unfortunately, the officer easily anticipated the attack and danced around the Jimenez, taking the opportunity to leave another mark with his sword.
 "What’s this dirtbag mech’s weak point?"
 Ves had been trying to puzzle that out for a while. "I’m trying, I’m trying! His mech is clearly first in line when it comes to maintenance. Do you know how hard it is to spot its weak points when it’s been lavished by a full shift of mech technicians?"
 "I don’t care! Get me a weak point now or we both die!"
 There was nothing like the pressure of death to motivate his full potential. "I’ve got it! Target his wrists! They’ve received an aftermarket modification to make them nimbler. That’s how the officer is making all of those tricky moves. You just need to compromise their structural integrity a little bit. Brute force will do the rest!"
 Now that he finally received a target, Barley roared to life as he forcefully pushed his mech shield-first into his opponent’s grip. The aggressive move caught the officer off-guard but failed to make impact due to the swordsman mech’s quick reaction.
 "Again!"
 Barley kept going, targeting the wrists with both his sword and his shield. A satisfying crunching sound rang throughout the forest as one of the wrists couldn’t handle the weight of Barley’s shield.
 "Eloise!"
 "Got him!"
 The female marksman turned her attention away from fending off the enemy ranged mechs to snap a quick laser volley at the officer’s mech. While the laser beams didn’t do much except some of its armor, the sudden attacks succeeded in creating an opening which Barley ruthlessly exploited by thrusting forward with considerable momentum. The stab succeeded in punching through the waist, though the armor mitigated much of the damage.
 That didn’t matter for Barley, as the shock opened up his opponent to a quick triple combo that disabled the officer mech’s engines and forced the officer to eject.
 "I’m coming, Eloise!"
 He was too late. The other mech that approached from his left had bypassed him entirely and went for the vulnerable rifleman mech. Eloise already lost her rifle as she held it sideways in order to fend of a heavy chop. Her mech drew out a pitiful backup knife that looked like a toy compared to the full-sized mech sword in the hands of the menacing Alliance mech.
 "Leave her alone!" Barley roared as he urged his mech to close the distance. However, he realized he’d be far too late as the enemy pilot reared up his mech for a fatal slash that targeted squarely at the cockpit. "I got to go faster!"
 "Give me control over one of your hands!" Ves suddenly urged. "I can make something happen!"
 Barley didn’t even doubt the other voice in his mind and relinquished a considerable amount of control to Ves. Some of the strong and intensive feedback of the mech ran through Ves, battering his consciousness for a split second. Despite the man upgrades to his mind, his neural aptitude still remained the same as a norm.
 His mind simply couldn’t handle the flood of foreign data. Barley quickly reined in his mind and spared Ves from any further ago.
 The delay almost proved disastrous, but Ves managed to use Barley’s co-opted arm to override the safety limits of the Jimenez.
 With so much power running through its systems, Barley’s mech gained a considerable amount of speed. He quickly lost his footing but not before he slashed the swordsman mech’s back. The hasty attack bounced off the swordsman mech’s armor, but the enemy pilot couldn’t stop Barley from his follow-up attacks.
 "Thanks, Barley!"
 In the next couple of minutes, Barley completely turned the tide of the battle, having taken out a total of seven mechs! Each enemy that the knight pilot cut down was one less mech that could bother his comrades.
 Soon enough, the numbers turned against the Alliance. Their flimsy mechs already held up poorly against their opposition, and the battle only turned worse when Barley the Destroyer chopped them down one by one by himself or with the help of his brothers.
 Half of the Alliance pilots managed to eject, but some got stuck in the beginning stages before the process got stalled for various reasons.
 "The sensor readings sent out an alert." Captain Osprey sounded grim over the comm. "Enemy reinforcements are coming. This time It’s the big boys, likely the main force that’s been trailing behind the scouts.
 Their own reinforcements would still take three more minutes to arrive. Captain Osprey faced an increasingly difficult choice as the numbers of the enemy main force became clear.
 They came with over thirty mechs. While much of them consisted of cheap frontline mechs, when they gathered in any significant numbers, his remaining mechs wouldn’t last a minute under all of that firepower.
 "Barley. Johnson. I hate to do this to you, but I’d like you to hold up the rear guard while we fall back."
 "Sir! We can’t." Eloise sternly objected. "That’s leaving them to die!"
 "We’re all going to die if we stick to this location! We’ve got to rendez-vous with our own reinforcements, but the Jimenez models are too darn slow to bring along!"
 "Don’t argue any further." Johnson’s cool voice emerged from the channel. "It’s our job to hold the line."
 "Why are you doing this?!"
 "Because I’m a knight!"
 "Because knights are meant to protect!" Barley echoed his fellow knight’s conviction. "We’re running out of time. Go now! Don’t let our sacrifices be in vain!"
 The surviving Domain pilots hesitated no longer and disengaged from the fight. They fell back straight towards the direction of the incoming reinforcements. While a number of enemy skirmishers sprang in pursuit, the two knights stubbornly stood their ground with their swords pointed to the ground littered with downed mechs.
 The threat was implicit. If the Alliance soldiers chose to evade the slow and lumbering Jimenez mechs, they’d be consigning their fellow mech pilots to an early grave.
 Four mechs stayed behind, all of them in the medium weight class.
 "There’s two to go around for both of us." Johnson mirthlessly joked. "I don’t know how you turned into such a beast, Barley, but keep it up, because we’ll need every bit of your magic!"
 "It’s coming right up!" Barley replied as his other hand took on a life of its own. It zoomed in on the readouts of the enemy mechs and rapidly pointed out a series of vulnerabilities which it sent to Johnson’s mech. "Aim for these vulnerabilities! I guarantee you they’re the real deal!"
 "Really?" His colleague sounded sceptical, but had no time to ponder how Barley figured out so many weak points as the enemy medium mechs simultaneously sprang forward.
 Barley had a difficult time fending off his two attackers. One of them wielded a sword while another utilized a spear. While the pair showed little cooperation in their movements, the fact that they attacked from opposite angles made it difficult for Barley to finish off one opponent faster than the other.
 His mech also suffered from the after-effects of the momentary boost in speed. This became most pronounced in the limp manner in which his Jimenez attacked with its sword.
 Both Ves and Barley ran through countless of ideas, but none of them had any chance of success. His Jimenez had reached the tail end of its operational life and Barley could barely squeeze any more potential out of its beaten frame.
 "Too slow! It’s simply too slow!"
 A knight served as a protector exactly because it could rely on its faster and more vulnerable allies to cover up its deficiencies. Without any backup except for another equally-slow knight mech, they had no chance to salvage their lives.
 "It’s been a good ride, Barley." Johnson said as his mech failed to parry another sword strike. The attack ruptured half the energy channels that supplied power from the power reactor to the engine. "We should have never underestimated the dirtbags."
 "Johnson! No!"
 His fellow knight pilot died when the other swordsman mech deliberately ran its sword through the cockpit. Such a move was not considered a war crime, though it did foster further hatred.
 "You... stinking... dirtbags!"
 Pure rage subsumed Barley’s mind. As a hitchhiker, Ves remained a little more detached, but even he became affected by its overpowering influence.
 "C’mon, you ghost! Work with me now! Even if I’m going down, I’m going to take all four of these dirtbags with me!"
 Ves wordlessly agreed with the original host of their shared body. He lost much of his rationality after being infected by Barley’s rage. Now he too wished to harvest the lives of as many dirtbags as possible!
 After a moment’s thought, Ves came up with the most effective way of accomplishing Barley’s dying wish. "Give me control of your hand again. In the meantime, try to last ten more seconds! It’s best if you can pull them all forward!"
 Barley did this in the most direct fashion possible. He taunted his opponents, who had all started to relax once they realized how easy it was for four of them to take care of a single Domain knight.
 "Hey, dirtbags! Why aren’t you finishing the job? If you don’t come forward now, I’ll do this!"
 With a callous couple of steps, his Jimenez mech crunched its foot down one of the enemy skirmishers that got taken out in the early stages of the ambush. The cockpit of the light mech didn’t stand a chance.
 "You’ll pay for that!" The lone spearman mech among the group broadcasted as it led the charge. Meanwhile, the other three mechs approached from the sides and he rear, completely boxing Barley in. "This is your end!"
 "Wrong! It’s yours!’ Barley grinned and ejected his cockpit from his mech just before it blew up in a conflagration of heat, flames and electrical discharge.
 Since the mech ran on pure energy cells, it was impossible to achieve a massive explosion. Nevertheless, the simultaneous release of all of that energy battered the four complacent attackers severely.
 A normal mech pilot wouldn’t be able to achieve such a feat, but Ves had spent several hours digging through the guts of the Jimenez, so he knew exactly how to force a worst-case scenario.
 As the cockpit flew through the air in a parabolic arc, Barley started to feel drowsy. All of the excess energy in his body left him now that his ability to fight had ceased.
 Ves felt a pull on his consciousness. "It looks like my visit has come to an end."
 "Before you go... tell me who you are."
 "Ves... Ves Larkinson. Sorry for the intrusion. I can’t explain how I ended up in your mind. I merely wanted to know how a knight pilot functioned."
 "No problem... you helped me out of a hopeless fight. Will I ever see you again?"
 "Probably not. I get the feeling this is a one-time deal."
 "That’s a shame."
 Ves stayed silent for a few seconds as he tried to resist the pull calling him back to his own body. "Keep an eye on the Komodo Star Sector if it exists in this universe. If everything goes right, you might see me popping up in the news fifty years from now.
 "That’s a long time ahead. I don’t know if I’ll survive the war."
 "It’s up to fate if we can meet again."
 Ves uncharacteristically revealed his identity to Barley. It couldn’t be helped, as their psyches intertwined so much that they developed an instinctive bond with each other.
 Still, Ves got more out of the melding than Barley as the System automatically closed off any portions of his mind that related directly to its existence. Even if Barley questioned how Ves managed to achieve this bond, he would never in his wildest dreams come up with something as miraculous as the Mech Designer System.
 "It’s the end now. I’m coming home."
 "Farewell, Ves!"
 "Goodbye, Barley!"
 His consciousness descended back to his body with jarring force. Ves felt as if he rode a shuttle that made a forceful landing on the ground. His head spun like wheels and the entire world felt alien to his own senses.
 Ves took a few minutes to recover from his ordeal. His breath shuddered with the aftershock of having his consciousness being pulled back and forth. The human mind wasn’t supposed to endure such rigors, and if he hadn’t upgraded his mental Attributes, he might have turned into an idiot.
 "Heavens, System! Warn me before you pull another stunt like that!"
 [The Mech Designer System is not meant to warn the user of any negligience on his part.]
 In other words, Ves had only himself to blame.
 "Fair enough, but I thought you’d do your usual schtick and dump a library of knowledge in my head."
 [Mastery extends beyond pure theory. A mech designer cannot ever claim a Mastery without delving into the perspective of a mech pilot.]
 Ves had to admit he benefited hugely from the experience. Even though Barley was nothing special in comparison to other knight pilots, his experience and earnestness in piloting his Jimenez taught Ves a lot.
 He underestimated the value of a defensive knight. Lacking in mobility it might be, the Jimenez excelled in its narrow role.
 "It almost makes up for the fact that I’m designing an offensive knight rather than a defensive one."
 He understood the System’s motive in selecting a defensive knight pilot to bond. The name of the Sub-Skill was called Knight Mastery I, and as an introduction to the archetype, Ves first had to master the basic model.
 After he checkex the logs, he found out he passed out for over half a day. That matched the amount of time he hitch-hiked Barley’s head.
 Thinking about him compelled Ves to look him up. He went to the galactic net and searched for the Chittering Cicada Star Sector.
 "It actually exists!"
 A further searched turned up the existence of the Exilis Domain, which eked out a diminished existence after it lost the war against the Alliance over forty-five years ago.
 His hands started to shake as he tried to search up the existence of a Domain pilot called Ivan Barley.
 LORD IVAN BARLEY - ACE MECH PILOT - "THE DISCERNING EYE"
 MISSING IN ACTION - EIGHT YEARS AGO
 A mix of shock, excitement and dissappointment ran through his mind. A couple of searches confirmed the battle that Ves experienced alongside Barley happened exactly as he remembered.
 The implications were frightening. The seemingly omnipotent System proved its might once again by accomplishing actual time travel!
 "It’s too bad he’s gone missing. It’s also incredible he advanced to ace pilot!"
 Nothing in his personality or talent suggested he could reach this exalted rank. Ves dug into his history and found out that his momentary presence had been a turning point in Barley’s life.
 Just as Ves gained a lot of insight into the mind of a mech pilot, so did Barley gain a lot from the perspective of a mech designer. He leveraged his gains by cross-training as a mech technician and then as a mech designer, all for the purpose of improving his ability to discover weak points in the mechs of his opponents!
 Barley’s skills and kill record rose up like a rocket at the latter stages of the war. By the time he advanced to expert pilot, the Domain finally threw in the towel and signed a humiliating peace treaty.
 The heroic feats of a few exceptional pilots like Barley hardly affected the Domain’s dire resource shortages. The downside of being surrounded by enemy states was that they could easily intercept their foreign shipments.
 After being discharged from the Domain’s armed forces, Barley started making his mark in the mercenary circles. That he managed to rise to the point of becoming a certified ace pilot while he worked in the private sector showcased his determination to exceed his failings.
 "Barley must have felt guilty for the way the last battle ended up."
 The Alliance reached the battle site first. Predictably, they rescues all their friendlies while executing their opponents.
 Ves understood how Barley took his knight oath seriously. Not everyone who specialized in piloting knight mechs bought into this culture, but those that did often made for excellent partners.
 His lessons from his first experience with Mastery led him to reconsider his phoenix knight’s overall premise. Did its draft possess the right concepts to serve its duty as a knight?
 "I still believe in an offensive knight." He reaffirmed to himself. "I just need to make some practical adjustments."
 With his newly mastered ability to adopt the perpective of a knight pilot, Ves smoothed out many potential wrinkles in his design. Even though they seemed innocuous, a real knight pilot would feel a little bit hobbled by these bumps.
 "It’s the equivalent of wearing a pair of mismatched shoes. It won’t affect your ability to walk, but it constantly nags at you."
 He also adjusted his images, particularly the base role of a knight. The infusion of a genuine knight’s conviction breathed new life in the stale image’s existence. The noble vibes it gave off caused the phoenix and Jackknife Jake’s images to raise their guards.
 The modified draft of his original design hardly looked any different, but it gave off a completely different vibe.
 "Those people raving about Masteries are right. Mech designers think they know more than the pilots they served. What they learn from books and hearsay won’t ever match a single first-hand experience."
 Ves already enjoyed a lead over many of his competitors due to his Mastery. While it mainly applied to knight mechs, his ability to design the other archetypes improved as well.
 When Ves finally left his office, his impatient COO came up to him with a mirthless smile. "Did you make a lot of progress?"
 "I’ve achieved a breakthrough in my development process. The end product should be much more appealing now."
 That’s great, Ves. Now, before you take the day off, you really need to read through these authorizations and sign them off.
 Going over the documents painted an unpleasant picture to Ves. "Expanding the board? Establishing all these committees? That will weaken my grip on my own company!"
 "It’s true these changes will dilute the concentration of power in your hands, but that’s exactly why the Republic mandates these demands. Your company is not just your personal property, not anymore. The livelihoods of hundreds and perhaps more will depend on its performance. The company has the responsibility to provide every stakeholder a voice, not just the shareholders."
 "Ah." Ves said flatly. "Good old corporate social responsibility rearing its ugly head again. I thought CSR went out of vogue in the mech industry. It’s hard to pretend you care about the poor and the environment when you are literally selling machines of death."
 "Well, the Bright Republic is behind the times. Besides, the MTA encourages mech manufacturers to establish a healthy corporate governance structure in their internal hierarchy. There’s an inherent risk in letting the founder and lead designer of a company to hold all the decision-making power in his hands."
 The theory surrounding this subject could fill entire galactic libraries, but the short answer was that even brilliant founders got it wrong from time to time.
 That said, ruling a company through committees also had its downsides. They usually prioritized their own interest groups over the overall needs of the company.
 For example, a committee staffed by workshop employees never chose to cut back a plant’s production lines, even though it had grown outdated and inefficient. Leaving aging equipment running all that time diminished the competitiveness of the company and could even run it into the ground.
 Ves feared exactly such an occurrence, so he continuously objected to the measures, though he signed them all in the end.
 "The law is the law. Brighten up, Ves. Many other mech manufacturers have adopted these kinds of measures and they haven’t gone extinct. Mostly."
 "Yeah, but their growth has also turned stagnant as they prioritize stability over risk-taking."
 "Is that a bad thing?"
 Good question. Ves didn’t wish to rehash the same arguments over and over so, so he waved his hand and called it a day.
 The next day, his new employees seethed with excitement at the news that the LMC would formally enact committees in its decision-making structure.
 Much of it would turn out to be window dressing, but the idea that the lowest workers could have a say succeeded in igniting their passion. They truly felt they took part in something great.
 Meanwhile, Ves chewed on the more substantial decision to choose the makeup board of directors.
 As the absolute majority shareholder, Ves had the right to appoint whoever he wanted as a board member. He’d elevate Lucky to the chair if he xould get away with it. Sadly, the LMC had to be seen as respectable and show some proof to the Republic that some reliable old geezers kept his youthful enthusiasm in line.
 His grandfather sent him a list of suggestions. Each of these grey-haired men and women already sat on the boards of a couple of other companies at once. Naturally, none of the companies in their portfolios competed with each other, that would go too far.
 "How do these fat cats even keep track of all of the industry-specific data?"
 The board of only came together a handful times per year, but they somehow earned a salary that an average worker had to toil for decades to earn the same.
 "Haha, I see now. It’s a scam!"
 These serial board members made a career out of their ability to ’advise’ and ’supervise’ a corporation. It didn’t matter if the company produced dog food or mechs, it was all a business to them. As long as they applied their considerable business acumen to the data at hand, they’d be able to give out sage advice for the low price of several millions of credits a year.
 His grandfather gave him an earful over the comm when he expressed his opinion.
 "Stupid! Do you really think you can make waves without consequence! The Larkinsons have enemies within the Republic that doesn’t mind if your career is cut short!"
 "Then why should my company take on these board members?"
 "Because they’re connected! Each nominee is intrinsically related to a powerful influence on Rittersberg. It’s not in the rules and you can’t find any of this in a book, but the board members act as the glue that will bind your company tighter to a power faction within the Republic."
 So it all came down to politics in the end. Ves thought he could shove those worries to his relations department.
 "Okay." Ves replied in resignation. "I’ll go over the nominees and take a serious look at their profiles."
 "Make sure you do. You’re making a major decision here which will profoundly affect the LMC’s future course. The quality of the board and the amount of help they provide is directly related to its makeup. If you approach them with your numbskull attitude that they don’t have any use except for leeching your company’s profits, then you will end up with an unproductive board."
 "Okay, okay, I got it already. Cooperation is a two-way street."
 What actually ended up happening was that Ves projected the busts of all twenty nominees. He then called over his trusty feline sidekick Lucky.
 "C’mon buddy, who do you think has the ugliest face? Go bite his or her head off!"
 Ves appointed five respectable men and women who got chewed over last by his pet. All of them turned out to be bastards, but Ves selected the least awful ones through this scientifically proven method.
 With that chore done, Ves turned to the real meat in the game. Resuming his original design project.
 "I’ve revised the draft design so its concepts are more compatible with its pilots. Now is the time to substantiate this draft into a functional design."
 Since the design phase required a lot of focus, Ves made sure that the company didn’t need his presence for the next couple of weeks. He met with the officers and set a couple of goals.
 "The new directors will be installed soon. You’ll need to take some time off your project to introduce them to the company. You’re wearing the chairman hat as well, Ves."
 "I know." Ves replied in a sour tone. "I’ll make time, but I trust you can take care of everything else?"
 The LMC only offered a single model for sale, so many employees had little to do outside of dealing with the backlog in administration.
 "There will always be decisions that you have to sign off. I’l present them to you weekly if able."
 With that taken care of, Ves closed himself in his office and booted up the design suite. It was time to turn an idea into a concrete product.
 First, the images. The base role received such a substantial boost from Barley’s borrowed sentiments that it threatened to break its shackles. It wouldn’t be very desirable if the base role gained absolute supremacy.
 "Fight, phoenix! Survive! C’mon Jake, you aren’t a top mech athlete for nothing!"
 Ves distinctively gave the other two images a boost of strength to catch up to the knight. With the timely infusion of energy, the phoenix and Jackknife Jake started taking the.offensive against the base role portion of the Triple Division Technique.
 The battle took place in an abstract realm where imagination and intelligence formed the principal mode of struggle. This enabled the wily Jackknife Jake to take an early lead, having cut a pound of flesh from both the phoenix and the knight at once.
 The battle for supremacy tugged back and forth as none of the three images held their advantages for long. Any moment where one image gained a clear advantage, the other two images ganged up on them. The struggle transitioned into a battle of attrition, where momentary bursts of energy occurred less and less as the images began to ration their remaining reserves.
 Slowly, the phoenix gained an advantage in this increasingly lengthy standoff. It came down to which side lasted the longest.
 The knight possessed a lot of endurance and willpower. As a master of defense, the image relied on its durability to hold out the storm. The only downside was that the knight did not have any means to replenish its reserves once it ran out.
 Jackknife Jake typified a top mech athlete in that he treated the battle like a duel. While he started strong from the beginning, his reserves began to flag once it dragged on for a longer stretch of time. Mech duels never lasted longer than half an hour because the audience would get bored by the waiting game. Jake became increasingly more feeble as the attrition dragged down his performance.
 It was exactly in these circumstances that the phoenix gained supremacy. It only needed to endure Jackknife Jake’s intensive attacks at the beginning. As for the knight, the image acted too defensively to put any significant amount of pressure on the totem animal. By the time the knight realized its mistake, the phoenix already enjoyed a clear superiority.
 "The phoenix is unending."
 Once its superiority reached a decisive moment, Ves started to feel his brain heating up as the phoenix burst out into fire! A massive inferno swept through his mindscape and swept every corner with cleansing flames!
 The phoenix forcibly wiped out everything on the battlefield including its two rivals! Both the knight and Jackknife Jake could do nothing as the flames disintegrated their unique identities and subsumed their purified essences for the victor.
 The phoenix had won!
 A rich bird cry rang out as the flames turned into a shade of black. The sinister-looking conflagration swirled like a shrinking tornado that concentrated all of the fire into a single, black egg.
 Deep, mystical patterns ran throughout the egg, their meaning and purpose unknown. Ves sat rapt with anticipation as he waited for the egg to mature. The patterns seemed to invigorate the egg as it started to grow hotter to the point it burst into the same black flames that formed it in the first place.
 This time, the fire seemed more deeper and nuanced than before. The wild, untamed fire had turned into a carefully-controlled mantle that tightly protected the egg as it began to hatch.
 The shell cracked quickly. Among the broken shell, a pillar of black flames rose to the heavens as it announced the rebirth of the phoenix.
 "The black phoenix!"
 It had evidently gained a substantial boost in strength. Its cleansing flames enabled it to absorb the essences of the two other images without risking contamination. The black phoenix only willingly absorbed the best part of its rivals, such as the knight’s enduring willpower and Jackknife Jake’s devious intelligence.
 Stronger and more intelligent than before, the black phoenix seemed to stare at Ves before huffing at him in disdain. It was as if the arrogant bird told him that his mind was an unworthy home for him, and that he should hurry up and finish his design.
 "Alright, alright, I’ll work on it!"
 While the battle took a toll on his mind, Ves gained a lot of inspiration from the vivid imagery. "It’s exactly how I envisioned my design."
 Neither pure aggression nor pure defence triumphed over endurance. Staying power, longevity and recovery ability granted the phoenix a great amount of superiority in battles of attrition.
 "By all accounts, the upcoming Bright-Vesia War will definitely drag on for years. This should be the greatest stage for my black phoenix knight."
 With the conflict between the images coming to a close, Ves focused on the victor and channeled it through his work.
 He started with the internal frame or the skeleton of his design. Knights usually possessed very robust internal frames, but the thicker the internals, the more it impacted its mobility. It also took up a deceptively large amount of volume, leaving less space for the internal architecture.
 Ves faced a dilemma at the very start. Should he utilize a thick internal frame that offered strong defense or a leaner frame that left more potential for mobility?
 "An offensive knight should still be able to act like a defensive knight if the situation calls for it. On the other hand, a thicker frame will cripple its playmaking potential by slowing it down too much."
 Rather than decide by himself, he closed his eyes and channeled the black phoenix roosting inside his head. The proud imaginary creature squawked and lifted off into the air, circling around the mental representation of the design in his mindscape.
 After regarding it with a critical eye, the phoenix released a burning black feather that landed on the design. The feather burned up once it reached the schematic and started to burn away some of the thickness in the internal frame.
 Ves got the message. "If that is what you wish."
 He could see the rationale for using a thinner frame. The black phoenix depended on its mobility, cunning and amazing endurance to outlast most opponents. Still, it knew when to stand its ground when the situation called for it. The phoenix did not carry over the noble mission of the knight, but it possessed its own peculiar pride.
 "It’s as if I’m designing a knight for mech pilots who hate piloting knights." He muttered, already forseeing the controversy his black phoenix knight could ignite. "I would have missed this issue if I declined to purchase a Mastery from the System."
 The value of his first Mastery already exerted itself. Ves consciously knew what to look out for if he wanted to deviate from the standard of a defensive knight.
 It took an entire day to wrap up his design work on the internal frame. Ves wanted to pursue balance in robustness and mobility. It came down to how much cutting he could get away with. If he thinned a section too much, it risked turning into a twig that might snap at the worst possible moment.
 "Let’s move on to the internal architecture."
 His goals for the internals determined its ultimate structure. Even with a simple frame like a knight, a lot of compromises had to be made in order to form an efficient architecture that could withstand the test of time.
 "It has to be tough, it has to be easy to repair, and it also has to possess a high amount of redundancy."
 The last priority demanded a lot of clever solutions, because increasing a mech’s RF took up a lot of weight and volume. Ves had to keep them down in order to maintain his knight’s mobility.
 With the generic alloys he licensed from the market, Ves began to draw up his structure according to a specific method. He started with the major pipelines and channels and began to surround them with smaller components. All the while, he sprinkled his growing architecture with features that improved his mech’s redundancy and compartmentalization.
 The work involved a lot of tedium and repetitive iteration. Time flew by as Ves became absorbed in the problems of day. He leaned heavily on the Mech Designer System’s advanced simulations to produce the most optimal results when his considerable intelligence and creativity failed to provide a solution.
 "I’m glad I beefed up my Mathematics and Physics to Journeyman. I’m finally starting to tap into the potential of all those simulations the System has in store."
 Even more advanced models awaited his use once he advanced his Mathematics to a transcendent level. For now, Ves made due with the workmanlike models that provided fairly realistic results at the press of a button.
 The design work on the architecture dragged on for over four weeks as Ves faced the prospect of running out of space. He could always decide to bulk up the exterior of his mech to accomodate more internal space, but that would ruin his design’s entire balance.
 Strangely enough, Ves never got bored throughout the entire process. With the fate of his future career hanging in the balance, he worked at peak efficiency throughout the day. Rarely did he need to take a rest due to an overburdened mind. The simplification of his images allowed him to dedicate his focus solely to the proud and relentless black phoenix.
 "It’s even showing signs of growth."
 One of the main goals for his mech had always been the ability to foster growth. The black phoenix happened to be strongly connected to this concept, so it had been easy for Ves to emphasize that aspect. He just didn’t expect the growth to start before he finalized the design.
 A curious interaction took place as the design choices he made resonated with the image. In turn, the changing phoenix reflected its own desires back at the design. Ves served as the channel and mediator of this faint but clearly noticeable relationship. His role even allowed him to manipulate the interaction to suit his outcomes.
 It felt like something unprecedented and profound took place in a plane beyond the material. Something that Ves had birthed out of nothing but his own mental energy took on a life of its own but colored in the perspective of his design. The black phoenix increasingly embodied the design, and the design increasingly echoed the phoenix.
 "It’s as if they are fated to be together."
 In concrete terms, Ves made many design choices that seemed odd and out of place, but started to make sense once he put all the pieces in place. He did not design the most durable knight, but he sure as hell made it tough as bones. In order to increase his design’s redundancy, he sacrificed a bit of everything, in particular his energy budget and his armor budget.
 "My knight won’t be outlasting or outdefending similar models as a consequence."
 That sounded fairly... bad. Even with the excellent Veltrex armor system, if Ves did not employ too many layers, his knight would fall apart after a couple of alpha strikes.
 "It’s a marathon runner, not a sprinter. The endurance is still fairly good, and the repairability has remained excellent throughout the process."
 The internal architecture crystallized all of his considerable insights in this area. His extensive development with the Caesar Augustus line taught him many ways to untangle its ungodly internal mess. Added with the fact that he designed a pure knight rather than a hybrid knight, the internals had been shaped into a form that hardly any Apprentice Mech Designer could top.
 During his design work on the internals, Ves left out the layout of the artificial musculature. As knights relied on momentum and force to empower their blows, the question of forming the appropriate structure for his musculature could fill entire libraries.
 Ves found to his consternation that his Battle Mechatronics Skill left him with an insufficient foundation to design a structure from scratch. Even his Mastery Sub-Skill didn’t help that much, because the perspective of a knight only held a narrow perspective on the subject of something as complicated as the muscles of a mech.
 "I’m going to need to read a book."
 It was a good thing he saved some merits in reserve. It was time to take a break anyway, as Ves pretty much cut himself off from the rest of the universe for a month.
 Once he stepped out of his office, he quickly wished he stayed inside. Jake arrived up his doorstep almost immediately with a very important message.
 "The newly instated board members are eager to convene the board. If you will follow me to the conference room we’ve setup, you’ll be able to meet them and set some high level goals for the LMC. You are working with brilliant minds here. You best take advantage of their expertise."
 "Oh joy."
 The conference room projected his grandfather and five other board members in a lifelike fashion. All of them sat sat at the table with expressions of hope and anticipation.
 After the formalities went out of the way, that optimism quickly disappeared as Ves did not approve of their suggestions.
 A financial expert began to speak. "Entering the Bentheim market is a daunting venture that has broken many ambitious companies. We’re going to need to build up a warchest. Right now, your various assets are tied up in a perplexing manner. There are ways we can leverage this situation to raise a lot of funds."
 The man put up a snazzy presentation that entailed issuing stock and piling up debt. All of it sounded great, but Ves wasn’t interested in a quick payout.
 "I’m open to issuing a limited amount of stock, but I’m not a fan of complicating the ownership structure to this extent." Ves shook his head. "Let’s not put the cart before the horse. The LMC isn’t short on cash right now. Let me complete my design and figure out how much we have to spend on marketing before we address the need to raise more funds."
 The financial expert probably had ties to the very same banks and investment companies willing to get involved. The board member would increase his effective control over the LMC if his buddies held a lot of its equity and debt.
 Ves could tell that people had been eyeing some of the exclusive licenses he obtained from the Clifford Society. If he wanted to maintain his advantage, he had to keep the licenses to himself and only to himself.
 "Our company is running far below its potential capacity." A woman spoke up next. She turned out to be product expert. "Many licenses are time-sensitive and it will take who-knows-long until you finish your next design. It’s best if we hire more mech designers and expand our catalog of designs."
 "I don’t wish to dilute my brand with designs that don’t adhere to my design philosophy. I’m pursuing quality over quantity so I’m very exacting in the type of mechs I want to sell."
 "Then setup a different brand. It’s not that difficult to draw a line between your own products and those designed by others. You can continue to pursue perfection while our other crop of mech designers can aim for mass market penetration."
 "I’m not open to hiring other mech designers. I founded the LMC to provide a platform to develop and sell my own products. I don’t want to provide safe haven for a bunch of losers who can’t make it in the mech industry on their own."
 Any external mech designer that the company brought on might be using it as a springboard for their own careers. They’d use the licenses and production facilities that Ves had tirelessly accumulated and hop off his train after they achieved commercial success.
 Another possibility was that these external mech designers might take over the company’s direction. If they developed a lot of designs that collectively earned more, they could diminish the value of his own products.
 "What will it take then for you to accept more mech designers?"
 "They’ll have to work under me for a long period of time. Right now, the only possible candidate is Carlos Shaw."
 "I see." The woman replied while looking down at her terminal. "According to the records, he’s an able but inexperienced fabricator who is unremarkable in many ways. You can find many competent mech designers off the streets of Bentheim that can do a better job than a former classmate of yours."
 "The difference is that I don’t trust random bums off the streets even if they can design a bestseller. If they’re actually that good, they should have started their own company or find someone else that can sponsor their work. It’s not the LMC’s goal to promote other mech designers."
 After this, a mech industry expert started to tout his connections to Bentheim. "The LMC may have put their roots in Cloudy Curtain, but limiting it to an agricultural planet will severely hobble its growth. Any mech business needs a presence in Bentheim. I can put you in touch with some of the regional powers that can facilitate a deal regarding the foundation of a second site."
 Such a second site would likely become the main base of production for the LMC, effectively giving control of a major revenue source to the mech industry expert’s buddies.
 "A second plant is not in consideration at the moment. Our current production facilities are already capable enough to meet a fair amount of demand. Since I’m in the business of selling premium mechs, I see no immediate need to expand our production capacity for the immediate future."
 Ves parried a few more traps couched in helpful suggestions. Once the board members realized that he wouldn’t fall for their tricks, the conference meeting shifted into an awkward silence.
 His grandfather Benjamin broke the silence by bringing up something that actually sounded constructive, a first for this meeting.
 "At the moment, you’ve signed a contract with a Bentheim mech broker named Marcella Bollinger. I’ve read through the contract, and while it allows you and your company to outsource all of your sales and support to her, the compensation she demands is uncharacteristically high."
 The other board members nodded in agreement. "The standard rate should be ten percent of gross profits. The contract you signed gives her a twenty percent cut."
 All of the board members looked at Ves like he got taken advantage of. Which he did, but he needed the extra help.
 "The contract is only valid for ten years. We can always renegotiate after the current term ends."
 "We can do better." His grandfather added, surprising Ves. "Rather than see it as an exploitative relationship, consider the initial contract as an opening for deeper cooperation. Even if we build up our own marketing capabilities from scratch, we’ll never surpass Bollinger’s brokerage in terms of understanding the market and finding the best customers."
 A few board members disagreed. "I know at least five great marketers who can be persuaded to head a marketing division in Bentheim."
 Benjamin shook his head. "It’s not worth the effort. Consider the amount of money other mech manufacturers spend on their marketing. It can suck up to a billion credits a day. That’s only for the mass-market segment. The premium segments rely more on personal connections to make a sale, something which Bollinger is very adept at. Can we find someone as equally formidable as her in the Bentheim market?"
 Someone with so many connections either joined larger organizations or ran their own businesses. Even a medium-sized mech manufacturer didn’t enter their eyes.
 "What are you getting at, grandfather?"
 "The contract can’t be breached without a penalty, but it can be renegotiated if both sides are willing to make adjustments. I think it won’t be unreasonable to make a demand to lower your mech broker’s cut in exchange for a longer partnership. You’ve grown significantly since you first entered into a deal with her. Your future prospects is worth too much to risk being ditched at the end of a short ten-year contract."
 His words sounded persuasive, and some of the other board members expressed approval at the suggestion. On the other hand, the remaining board members thought that the LMC should wait out the nine remaining years and run their own marketing operation from then on.
 "Marcella has been very helpful throughout my career and I don’t like to spoil that relationship." Ves decided after hearing out some arguments for both sides. "Even if my contract with Marcella ended, I had already been leaning towards renewing it with fairer terms. I guess we can try to push it forward."
 It didn’t risk much to make the offer. As long as he did well with his first original model, Marcella would have a gold mine in her lap. Thus, her acceptance depended on her estimation of his future performance.
 The discussion soon turned to overall strategy. "You’ve repeatedly made it clear that you are targeting the premium segment. However, there are only so many rich customers in the market. I think it’s prudent to evaluate whether it serves the company to offer a cheaper selection of models. Not immediately, but in the medium term."
 "The Living Mech Corporation’s mission is to bring mechs to life. I can’t do that without a minimum standard of quality. I’m not interested in getting into a race to the bottom. Cheaper mechs means I’ll have to start cutting corners, which I really hate doing."
 The LMC could establish a different brand to take care of that problem, but Ves had already ruled that possibility out. However, the board member suggested another approach.
 "I’m not saying the company has to be responsible for the production of these cheaper designs. Your design capabilities are impressive for a young man of your age. I’m sure it won’t be a challenge for you to come up with some cheaper variants of your main designs. Once you finished your variants, you can license them out to other mech manufacturers, who will do the rest of the work on our behalf."
 "You’re suggesting that we engage in outsourcing?"
 In the mech industry, outsourcing meant that Ves would offer his designs up for licensing with a very specific set of terms. The companies that bought his licenses had to abide by a number of very strict restrictions and wouldn’t be allowed to modify his designs in any way. In exchange, Ves would waive the massive licensing fee, though he did take a larger share of per-unit revenue.
 Mech manufacturers in possession of production hardware didn’t always have the money to pay for a standard license. Producing mechs on behalf of another company was considered a way to make ends meet by these sorts of companies.
 "Even though Ves didn’t wish to cheapen his designs by developing severely hamstrung variants, he was open to the idea of offering up purpose-built designs. It would enable his work to penetrate the market and allow his reputation to spread beyond a narrow circle of wealthy customers.
 Even if the licensees botched up the production, the LMC could terminate the license and find another manufacturer to do the work. The only issue was that his company earned far less profits than if it did everything in-house.
 Then again, Ves had already shot down the possibility to produce any cheap models by themselves.
 "The idea holds some promise, but only if the right manufacturers are interested in licensing my designs." He replied after careful contemplation. "Right now, we only offer the Marc Antony Mark II, which is an aging lastgen design that’s unsuitable to further cost-saving modifications. Let’s wait until I’ve developed my new design before considering the matter in earnest."
 Ves started to understand the appeal of a board. Even if they had no actual decision-making power, they had a vested interest in the company’s success. The various experts lent their expertise to the various matters that the company faced.
 Still, he didn’t delude himself that they worked for the greater good of the company. They only had their own interests at heart.
 Overall, their knowledge and ability to think at a higher level made them useful sparring partners. Compared to the company’s officers, the directors turned up short in terms of depth, but they made up for it by taking the bigger picture into account.
 "If I might suggest something." The mech industry expert spoke again. "Your search for a long-term supplier will not be successful. Even with a moderately successful design, the LMC will always be regarded as a non-entity. Even if you catch the attention of a supplier, it’s doubtful they’re willing to offer favorable terms."
 "The CRO sounded much more optimistic when he informed me of the ongoing search for a supplier."
 "Your CRO must be aiming to build a relationship with a distressed or desperate supplier. It’s not a good idea to source your materials from a troubled seller."
 The expert provided many reasons why it might go wrong. The supplier might have almost tapped out its reserves. It might have engaged in illegal labor practices. It may even serve as a channel for pirates to dispose their ill-gotten gains.
 "Considering the impending war, it’s actually best we don’t rely on any single source to supply our most critical exotic materials."
 "Why is that?"
 "Because exotics turn into strategic goods over the course of the war. The Vesians will try to occupy or destroy the Republic’s mining operations. They’ll also prey on the convoys delivering those materials to the hungry industries it feeds."
 That sounded very troubling. "I don’t see why relying on the open market is any better."
 "Because no matter how the war progresses, the open market will always continue to operate. Don’t forget that Bentheim is a port system and that it serves a regional nexus of trade. Some of that traffic will diminish, but not enough to starve the markets entirely out of resources. You won’t be dependent on the whims of the Vesians if you can accept the higher costs."
 Someone else disagreed. "As long as the LMC insists on leaving out the exclusivity clause, it’s free to trade with any other party. I don’t see the need to suspend the search for a supplier."
 "You can’t have your cake and eat it too! You won’t find a supplier who is willing to let the LMC retain the right to approach its competitors for business. The LMC isn’t producing enough mechs to force a compromise. They’d rather decline a partnership than be taken for fools."
 The issue of suppliers had always given Ves a headache, and the directors just made it worse. He banged his fist against the table. "Enough! This is going nowhere. Let me tell you now that I plan to let the relations department continue to find a supplier and attempt to negotiate a mutually beneficial contract. We can convene the board again to discuss whether it’s worth it for us to sign it into the books."
 Even though the discussion led to nothing substantial, it got Ves to think about what his company would do after the war broke out. He decided to raise the matter to the board.
 "As you all know, the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom will likely be embroiled in a serious conflict. I’ll likely be drafted by the Mech Corps, and so will some of my employees. How can we prepare the LMC so that it will continue to function during wartime?"
 The directors made a number of useful suggestions, starting with his grandfather. "First up, the Republic provides a substantial amount of assistance to mech manufacturers affected by their wartime policies. If your administration is up to task, they should have already prepared the necessary paperwork."
 "I’ll check up on that after the meeting."
 "You should also check with the bank." The financial expert said. "In some cases, they’re obliged to freeze or even forgive parts of your debt in the event of war. Also, if the company is bleeding cash, it should be able to demand some compensation from the government, though they may demand some equity in return."
 In truth, the government only offered a limited amount of support to failing mech manufacturers. It was content to let the weak ones close their doors while offering only a pittance to most medium mech manufacturers.
 "The only way to receive better treatment is by contributing to the war effort." His grandfather added. "The Mech Corps has many needs. The LMC can best serve our fighting force by supplying them with high-quality replacement parts that are difficult to fabricate at military supply bases."
 They formed a tentative plan around this suggestion. His grandfather even offered to pull some strings and lay down the groundwork for such collaboration.
 At the end of the hours-long meeting, Ves left the conference room with a moderately satisfied expression. He patted Lucky’s head once he entered the lounge.
 "You did good, buddy. The directors aren’t complete bastards."
 His cat meowed lazily at him before turning around to resume his nap.
 Chapter 253: Blackbeak 
 Ves resumed his work on his design after taking a break. The board meeting led to modest changes but gave everyone a lot of food for thought. One thing that struck him was that everyone pushed for mass production. They didn't believe the LMC could deliver the necessary quality to grow into the high end market.
 "They're right, in a way."
 He'd have to become a Journeyman Mech Designer to break into the top and most lucrative end of the market. That was still a long way off despite the help of the System.
 "My various Skills have reached Journeyman-level, but I'm barely scratching the surface. I'm still short on depth and experience."
 Ves vaguely estimated he would have to design at least five or six original models to gain the minimum amount of experience to advance. They also had to be distinctly different mech, so Ves couldn't get away with designing six identical knight mechs.
 "Let's get back to work."
 Ves thought about the implications of forming the structure of his artificial musculature from scratch.
 "The more experienced mech designers can do this by heart. I haven't reached that level yet, even with the theories I've learned."
 In such cases, it would be a shame to consult a reference book and adapt a expertly designed template that had been derived from examples of nature. For example, knight templates often took their inspiration from studying the bodies of athletes and soldiers.
 Ves chose to be fairly extravagant by borrowing a high quality reference book from the Clifford Society's Moon Library.
 It took a couple of says for the fast courier to deliver the secure materials required to read the book. For a price of ten merits, the Society went out of its way to make sure that Ves didn't propagate its contents.
 He didn't spend his time in vain during the wait. He re-read the textbooks on Battle Mechatronics and looked back on his old designs to study the way their musculature worked.
 Mechs generally adopted simplified structures compared to a human made out of blood and flesh. In particular, they didn't require so much fine control for their toes, neck and head. Knight mechs also sacrificed a lot of finesse in their arms in favor of brute strength.
 "Still, a strong pair of legs forms the basis of a sturdy knight."
 Knights relied on the strength of their legs to build up momentum and withstand shocks. They also depended on their legs for balance.
 The reference book he borrowed happened to contain a couple of templates for all the different archetypes. After a lot of browsing, Ves chose to go with the lightest knight template.
 "It's the most responsive and agile out of all the medium knight templates. It's the only choice that conforms with my vision."
 The black phoenix would never sit still like a rock for long. It wished to endure attacks only up to the extent for it to close in on its opponent and take it out.
 A lighter musculature that facilitated movement over force enabled this choice of battle. Unfortunately, Ves also had to accept a substantial reduction in arm strength.
 "My knight will never match the strength of a purely offensive type like a swordsman mech."
 He accepted the compromise, since his mech's substantial defense made up for its lacking offensive prowess. It aimed to outlast its opponents by surviving to the end rather than killing them off first.
 Ves made a couple of tweaks to the standard template.
 He increased the range of motion of the shield arm to facilitate bashing with the flat or sharp end of the phoenix-emblazoned shield.
 He also strengthened the back and abdominal muscles to insure they wouldn't overstain if his mech dug into hardy ground.
 His inexperience with designing a musculature led to long nights of continuous work. The black phoenix remained demanding throughout the process, sometimes even forcing Ves to throw away hours worth of development.
 The delays resulted in further refinements that provided greater strength without taking up too much space, which was getting very cramped by now.
 He sat back in his seat with a satisfied smile after the latest round of modelling pronounced his work to be without any major flaws.
 "This is the best I can achieve at the moment."
 It helped that he licensed a fairly premium artificial musculature system from the Society. If he licensed a generic one, he would have been forced to bulk up his frame.
 Still, the various compromises he made so far made it clear it didn't excel as a damage sponge. "It's leaning a bit too heavily on the offensive side."
 Ves intended to use the armor cladding process as a way to correct this imbalance.
 Much like the artificial musculature, the application of the armor system also came with a lot of complexity. Many mech designers either used a reference book or modelled the most optimal layout with sophisticated processors.
 This time, Ves declined to borrow another reference book. His experience and his Optimization Sub-Skills should be sufficient for him to design an adequate armor layout.
 The Veltrex armor system consisted of a minimum of three layers.
 The upper layer consisted of various composites that worked best against directed energy weapons.
 The middle layer consisted of heavier alloys that specialized in stopping kinetic weapons.
 The lower layer mainly dispersed heat and force that went through the other layers. It also worked great in mitigating explosive damage.
 The weakness of this armor system became apparent. If an enemy force stripped the upper layer with a ballistic weapon, it could easily penetrate past the middle and lower layers. While their sheer thickness could still mitigate a certain amount of energy damage, it was obviously not ideal.
 "I doubt my models will become prolific enough for enemies to know about this weakness."
 Despite this wrinkle, the Veltrex armor system could withstand a surprising level of abuse for its thickness.
 Some armor systems could be trimmed or thickened by adjusting the amount of layers.
 The Veltrex system worked a little differently by adhering to the same three layers, only this time he could adjust the thickness of each of the layers.
 Ves spent a lot of time with the fine-tuning of the armor layout. He adopted a fairly standard medium knight layout but trimmed some fat wherever he could get away with it. However, he didn't go too far, as a knight still had to withstand a lot of blows.
 "Even if the internals are easier to repair, it's still not a good idea to make it easy to get past the armor."
 He took his time in this phase, dragging it out over four weeks as he meticulously verified his design choices with advanced mathematical modelling. From chilly ice planets to desolate asteroids, Ves simulated every possible hostile environment he could come up with. His model performed surprisingly poorly in vacuum and hot environments.
 "My mech doesn't generate as much heat as a laser rifleman, so I didn't put too many heatsinks in its design."
 This limited its heat processing capacity. The only way his phoenix could shunt its heat was through shunting it from its feet or dissipating it through infrared radiation.
 "Isn't it ironic for a phoenix knight to be prone to overheating?"
 Ves decided to keep the current amount of heatsinks. Adding any more meant decreasing his mech's performance to an unacceptable level in his eyes. He took the Republic's geography into account as well.
 "The Bright Republic doesn't have that many hot planets anyway, and spaceborn mechs are far more suitable to deploy in vacuum environments."
 After making sure the armor held up in every other environment, Ves surrendered himself to his artistic fancies. He meticulously carved the upper layer of the armor with phoenix-themed reliefs.
 He shaped the generic humanoid face into a phoenix's head. He carved up the shoulder pauldrons into a feather-like appearance. He added minor decorative lines throughout the torso to reinforce its association with blackfire and phoenixes.
 The only downside to this 'extra' addition was that the carvings affected the structural integrity of the armor system. Ves had to bulk up many of the sections due to the weaknesses he inadvertedly introduced.
 "It's worth it, though. My design looks good, really good."
 He already applied a coating of black and gold to his mech. The change in color amplified the connection between the design and the image in his mind. The black phoenix strongly approved of the phoenix knight's impressive appearance. It definitely possessed a strong level of gravitas that he only found in his recent Marcus Aurelius limited edition model.
 What particularly stood out from its appearance was its underlying menace. The black coating gave his design a sinister association that Ves didn't see very often in knights.
 The Marc Antony Mark II radiated aggression as well, but it always had a noble and flamboyant touch to it. The phoenix knight decried the brave charge, choosing instead to triumph over its opponent through a mix of guile and speed
 "This doesn't fit with the knight ethos. Even offensive knights don't go this far."
 Fortunately, Ves still had to design its shield and armor. He compensated for the menace by adding a slightly wider shield. He spent over three days perfecting the phoenix wing design on its surface. The asymmetrical look caused by the exaggerated curling wing gave it a distinctly exotic moon-like appearance.
 As for the sword, Ves went ahead with designing it as planned. The winged guards and the phoenix body hilt gave the sword a fine touch, but besides that he didn't stray from standard doctrine. Together with the use of generic sword alloys, it was clear the sword would never be able to outshine the shield, which Ves had cladded it entirely with premium Veltrex armor layers.
 His mech came into shape after more than three months of design work. The seasons changed and the tension between the Republic and the Kingdom neared the boiling point. Despite the passing of time, Ves hardly noticed any of it as he became subsumed in perfecting his design.
 He spent the final weeks in subjecting his tentatively functional design through a barrage of tests. Quite often, the simulations revealed a host of flaws in the interaction between the armor and the internals underneath. These flaws hadn't showed up when Ves tested those systems in isolation. Only when he put together every piece in a single package did the flaws come to light.
 "This is still rather sloppy for me. It's taken longer to eliminate all these flaws than I thought.
 Nevertheless, Ves successfully completed his first iteration of what he temporarily called the Blackbeak.
 "Blackwing sounds better, but it's too bad my mech isn't capable of flight."
 Perhaps he'd adopt the name for an aerial variant of his design. The base model possessed sufficient space in the back to accomodate a flight system, though he would also have to overhaul the internals to increase its heat-handling capacity.
 "That's a problem for later."
 Now that he finished a solid design with concrete specs, Ves thought about the next step in his design process.
 "I'm going to have to fabricate a prototype and subject it to an extensive amount of gruelling tests."
 This went doubly so for knights that specialized in long-term durability. Ves couldn't trust his mathematical models to reflect the actual truth. His design might still hide a small number of critical flaws.
 "The thing about models is that they reflect a distorted version of reality. No single model exists so far that can simulate our reality with perfect fidelity."
 Even the System's impressive models admitted defeat in this area. For an existence capable of materialization and time travel to express its inferiority in this area, Ves didn't delude himself that he could trust his models blindly.
 "First, let's see what the others have to say. They must be brimming with anticipation with what I've been cooking up all these months."
 He exited his office, only to encounter a worrying development.
 "What's happening?" Ves asked.
 "You should check the mech portals." Carlos replied as he passed him a data pad. "One of your competitors is one step ahead of you."
 Ves glanced at the news article and found to his surprise that another Apprentice Mech Designer debuted an offensive knight design as his first original mech. Could this be a coincidence?
 Then he recognized the designer.
 "I know this guy."
 Ves first became exposed to other promising talents at the Young Tigers Exhibition held more than a year ago. Mech designers around his age showcased their talents in order to achieve fame and recognition in the state they called home.
 It mostly ended up as a comparison between who had the better foreign backer. Ves performed well at the event, only to be beaten by Edwin McKinney, who for some reason deigned to participate in such a low-class event.
 Afterwards, Ves slowly realized that the geniuses who participated in the YTE likely didn’t do very well abroad. They were mostly the equivalent to Squires in the Clifford Society, marginal figures that could never compete against the native mech designers of those second-rate states.
 "Michael Dumont. It’s been a long time since I last saw your name."
 After being beaten by Ves, Dumont disappeared from the face of the Republic. Ves assumed that Dumont must have tucked his tail between his legs and fled back to the Coalition or wherever he called his second home.
 Evidently, he returned, and just so coincidentally introduced an offensive knight design in his debut as an original mech designer. Ves played a recording of the clip.
 "After months of intensive development and extensive testing, I am now ready to announce the release of my first original design, the Havalax!"
 A medium mech slowly stepped into view. The reporters gathered at the press conference murmured with excitement as the ground under their feet thundered as Dumont’s creation stopped in front of them. With its stylish white coating with triangular blue and orange patterns, it made for a vividly noble sight.
 "The Havalax is a knight mech geared for offensive and defensive purposes. It’s greatest strength is its speed, which is even able to match the sprinting speed of light mechs. As a fast and mobile knight mech, the Havalax excels in chaotic skirmishes and smaller engagements where battlelines often shift on a whim."
 A projection appeared that showed the Havalax’s performance in a number of realistic simulations, interspersed with clips of the first production model going through an obstacle course.
 What stood out from Ves was that the Havalax showcased an impressive level of performance. So much so that he suspected the pilot must have overheated the mech soon after he completed his acrobatics.
 "If you are worried about the Havalax’s ability to function as a knight, then let me reassure you that it can take the hits as well as it can dish out. The armor system I am using is an exclusive development from a lab associated with my university in the Coalition. Its multifaceted composition employs a semi-modular arrangement where expended plates will fall after they degrade, facilitating even higher levels of mobility at the tail-end of a fight."
 The rest of Dumont’s speech detailed his design’s strengths while glossing over its weaknesses. Some of the reporters did a good job asking about its endurance, which should have been quite awful for a pure knight design.
 "The Havalax is a mech that is designed to make an immediate impact on the battlefield." He repeated. "There are hardly any mechs on the market that can compete with mine in these terms. Not at the price level of my initial models."
 "How much will it cost?"
 "Production has already started. You can reserve the first hundred copies by moving quickly and pre-ordering it at my company’s portal for the generous price of 50 million credits. After that, you can purchase a standard model starting at 55 million credits. We offer many additional options and customizations at additional fees. Please consult the portal for the details."
 Ves flipped the data pad and slammed it to the ground. Then he stepped on it with his foot, though he failed to make any cracks. Pads these days served as reliable information carriers under extreme conditions like battlefields and hostile alien planets.
 "I don’t believe this is a coincidence!"
 Just when Ves prepared to debut the Blackbeak, an old rival released an offensive knight on his own. The Havalax differed distinctly from the Blackbeak by specializing in delivering peak performance, but that design choice would also enable it to inflate its spec sheet.
 Frankly speaking, the Blackbeak’s specs looked like crap compared to the performance that the Havalax was capable of pumping out. Sure, the knight designed by Dumont might only be able to keep running its systems at maximum capacity for a couple of minutes, but most laymen wouldn’t know the difference.
 In actual fact, the Blackbeak and the Havalax shouldn’t even be direct competitors. Despite sharing the same roles, they excelled in different circumstances, so there should be very little overlap
 Except Ves knew that many customers didn’t think about less flashy criteria like endurance and longevity. They cared more about exciting stuff like top speed or arm strength.
 Jake arrived quickly after Carlos. "It’s fairly bad news. Early adopters already got their hands on the Havalax and they’ve been giving them rave reviews. Even some of the more reputable mech portals are giving it a thumbs up."
 "How is Dumont able to produce so fast?"
 "His backers bought out a failing medium mech manufacturer and repurposed it as Dumont’s personal property in the Republic. There’s rumors that the Ricklin Corporation has a stake in the company as well."
 Figures. Both of them had a beef with Ves. Dumont’s entry in the YTE had been cut short by Ves while the Ricklin Corporation suffered a devastating terrorist attack with the help of a mech that he designed and built.
 Ves suspected that the Ricklin Corporation had been behind the various attacks on his person. Such threats had ceased to materialize in the last half year, which led Ves to believe the Ricklin Corporation quietly gave up on its attempt to hit back at Ves.
 Evidently, they chose to retaliate by a different means. He admired the elegance of their plan. It wasn’t illegal to give a helping hand to one of his competitors. Even if everyone in the Republic knew of their conflict, so what?
 Right now, Ves was in big trouble. He could already sense an undercurrent of worry and despair among the employees in the office. They all thought that Ves would debut his Blackbeak too late. Even if it offered some redeeming features over the Havalax, demand for offensive knights had already been met by that time.
 "Emergency meeting. Two hours from now." Ves said crisply as he stormed back into his office. "Bring everyone that matters."
 Jake and Carlos watched the door slide shut. They both looked at each other. "Do you think he’s resigned?"
 "Not at all." Carlos replied. "That’s his serious mode. Ves almost never makes an outburst. He’s the type who lets his rage boil inside his mind. Don’t let his flat face fool you."
 Two hours later, the entire management team of the LMC poured into the conference room. The executives and pillars of the company like Jake, Primrose, Carlos, Calsie and Gavin sat alongside the oval table.
 The rest seated themselves upon floating synthetic foldable chairs stored underneath the table. The ’planks’ as people called them provided basic seating for everyone without taking up a lot of space when they returned to their storage compartments.
 Ves stomped into the conference room a few minutes later. He slowly paced towards the front of the room and turned on the main projector. A full-throated projection of his first complete iteration of the Blackbeak appeared in front of everyone’s eyes.
 "This is the Blackbeak. It’s a premium offensive knight that excels in endurance, longevity and energy efficiency."
 He summarized its various attributes and emphasized its differences compared to a model like the Havalax. Still, half the crowd stopped paying attention to his words, because the mere sight of the Blackbeak consumed all of their attention.
 Its sheer presence and artistic appearance dwarfed anything Ves designed before except for his most impressive limited edition designs. The sinister flavor underpinning the Blackbeak’s X-Factor evoked both fear and admiration from the gawking crowd.
 As Ves had been tinkering with his design for months, he’d grown used to its aura. He didn’t expect it to have such a pronounced effect on his employees.
 "Wow, Ves! Wow!" Carlos exclaimed. "If this is what you’ve been working on, then Dumont stands no chance!"
 Several people agreed, but those who read through the Blackbeak’s spec sheet quietly shook their heads.
 "I have confidence in my design." Ves declared simply. It was important to emphasize his belief in his own capabilities. "However, that doesn’t mean that it’s a given that the Havalax can be dethroned. The first-mover advantage is a very powerful thing to have. The main issue is that over target segments overlap too much. The longer we wait, the steeper the hill we have to climb."
 "Then what are we waiting for? You’ve already completed your design, so let’s release it immediately while the Havalax is at its infancy!"
 Ves shook his head. "I won’t rush my design. I’ve thought it through, and the risk of missing out a critical flaw or two is too great. I can tell that the Havalax is a fairly rushed design as well. Dumont must have designed it when he received word that I had been planning to design an offensive knight myself."
 Some people looked at each other with suspicion. "This was supposed to be kept under wraps. Someone leaked the news."
 A brief argument broke out, but Ves forestalled any further shouting.
 "Shut up! I haven’t exactly done my best to keep my intentions secret. It’s my own fault for letting too many people know. The important thing is that it’s already done, so let’s move on. As I was saying, the Blackbeak’s development will stay on track. I will not rush its development just because a competitor is taunting me to hurry up."
 "Why not?"
 "Because the LMC stands for quality. It’s in our mission statement. It will be a direct betrayal of the founding principles of this company if I set them aside at the first sign of trouble."
 That said, in corporate warfare, expediency usually triumphed over principle. Ves merely believed he didn’t have to go that far in order to turn the tables against Michael Dumont.
 "Do you believe in our company?" He asked his employees.
 "Yes!"
 "We believe!"
 "Do you believe in the Blackbeak?"
 Everyone resoundly cheered.
 "Then what’s with all of the panic? We are better than Dumont!"
 He succeeded in lifting up their moods. It felt good to inspire confidence in his workers. He needed them to work at their best in order to stand a chance against Dumont’s well-funded vendetta against Ves.
 As long as he could persuade his men, Ves also had a chance of winning over the market. They just had to remain rational and lay out the facts.
 "It’s important to note that offensive knight designs already exist on the market. Hundreds of thousands of designs already exists throughout the galaxy, though only a fraction is available for purchase within the Republic’s borders. Likewise, demand for offensive knights is not a shallow pool that will drain quickly the moment someone cobbles up a decent design."
 The threat the Havalax posed to their company distorted everyone’s perspective on the market.
 "I see now! We’ve been stuck in a tunnel vision!"
 "The Havalax is still a competitor though. As long as it remains on sale, it will directly affect our own profits."
 "We can still fight back when there’s still time."
 How much time did they still have? Ves wanted to take his time, but would all of that extra time pay off in the end? It all depended on their hard work and ability to succeed under adverse circumstances.
 Ves clapped his hands to draw everyone’s attention. "I’ve gathered you all here not to admit defeat, but to form a plan of action. We will not let Dumont have his satisfaction! We shouldn’t fear his competition. He should fear us instead!"
 He had unquestioning faith in the superiority of his own design. Ves hardly believed that Dumont progressed as fast as him since the last time they dueled against each other.
 Along with the added advantage of a pronounced X-Factor, Ves possessed a final contingency should his design fail to match up to the Havalax. He tapped his fingers against his unassuming comm, which hid the option to super-publish any design once a year.
 In truth, Ves didn’t wish to resort to super-publish option, as he considered it a cheat. Besides sullying his reputation and demeaning the tradition, he wouldn’t be able to get away with it anyway.
 He already shared his development logs to the MTA. if Ves suddenly improved his design by a significant margin at the very end, the MTA would rightly question whether he had help.
 "Let’s form a plan and draw up a time table." He announced to the people gathered in the conference room. "I think it’s not too late to release my latest model a month from now. It’s impossible for Dumont’s company to have produced so many mechs in that span of time."
 They hashed out a quick plan that mobilized the entire company.
 Even though the Blackbeak hadn’t been finished yet, its functional state allowed the workshop to grow familiar with its design. Chief Cyril and Carlos received permission to train the mech technicians with practising its fabrication in a virtual environment.
 Meanwhile administration and relations departments laid the groundwork for logistics. Ves wanted the LMC to be amply supplied without being overcharged for the necessary raw materials. He also wanted the shipping to be reserved in advance in order to minimize delays and disruption in supplies.
 "The current convoys between Cloudy Curtain and Bentheim won’t suffice for our needs." Jake reported after making a projection on how many goods flowed in and out of the workshop. "The Barracuda has lately remained rather idle. Other than conveying some of our executives to Bentheim and back, the corvette is severely underutilized."
 "Any shipments we make outside a convoy isn’t insured by Sanyal-Ablin." Ves shook his head. "I don’t want to tempt fate by putting millions of credits worth of goods in an even more expensive starship. The Barracuda will adhere to the current flight schedule. If won’t attract so much attention if all it does is ship some of our marketing people back and forth. On that topic, how is the negotiation going with Marcella?"
 "We’ve been making slow but steady progress in our discussions with your mech broker. From what we can tell, she values your ability to improve and thinks your worth will only increase in the future. Our negotiating team has been able to leverage this information into compelling her to agree to a number of important concessions. However, our talks have stalled lately due to the lack of activity on our part."
 Ves already knew why. "She’s waiting for my design, I bet. Once I fabricate the prototype of the Blackbeak, I’ll ship it over to Bentheim in order to take advantage of their extensive testing facilities. The MTA’s Cloudy Curtain branch office lacks the hardware to put the prototype to its paces."
 A few people showed alarm at his decision to do the testing in Bentheim.
 "The port system is a powder keg waiting to blow!" Primrose warned with a shrill voice. "It’s highly inadvisable to step foot on the planet with war tensions so high!"
 "There’s no other choice. I can’t do without the sophisticated testing equipment that is only available on major planets like Bentheim. Don’t worry, I’ve got Raella, Melkor and Sanyal-Ablin watching my back."
 "We’re also permitted to pilot our own mechs within city limits!" Raella raised her fist in excitement. "If the BLM wants to pick a fight, I’ll gladly give them one!"
 Once they finished their testing, Ves would return to Cloudy Curtain and apply the lessons on his initial design.
 "Do we have enough time for another round of testing?"
 "Likely not. There’s a lengthy lead time required to submit an original design to the MTA. If we want to make the Blackbeak ready for sale in a month, we have to submit the final version along with a fabricated copy to the MTA’s branch in Bentheim at least two weeks before the official release."
 So in essence, Ves actually had three weeks to work with before he had to finalize his design. "We can’t afford to undergo a second round of testing. We can only hope that one round will be enough to catch all the major flaws. Marketing, once I show off the prototype to Marcella, please work together with her brokerage on a marketing campaign. Make sure to take various budgets into account."
 A simple plan made all the difference. Getting his people moving again helped push back the negative sentiment. Everyone dispersed and went back to work. Ves himself took some time off. He wanted to be in his best condition before he fabricated the prototype.
 Lucky meowed and climbed on his shoulder once he sank into a couch at the lounge. The cat didn’t experience much excitement with Ves holed up in his office. His pet made his disaffection clear by batting his paw against his cheek.
 "I know, I know, you’ll get your fun soon. We’ll be travelling to Bentheim again after a few days."
 "Meow!"
 Ves thought about picking something up at Bentheim that could keep Lucky busy. Then again, the amount of minerals his cat had eaten so far had reached a point where Lucky showed signs of evolving yet again. The glowing blue lines between its shiny bronze-like exterior glowed as bright as a flood lamp.
 "You’re stuffed with energy, aren’t you?"
 "Meorrww." Lucky lazily stretched his back.
 "I wonder what you’ll look like at level 3."
 As Ves advanced, so did Lucky. It made him wonder what his cat had in store in the future. Perhaps he’d be able to traverse the stars, or fire a mech-grade laser from his mouth. Maybe he’ll be producing gemstones that could double the performance of any mech.
 He began to fabricate the prototype the next day. He skipped practicing the process in a simulation because he was short on time. Instead, he relied on his substantial fabrication skills to tide him over his very first attempt to bring the Blackbeak to life.
 Chief Cyril gestured everyone away. "Everyone, clear out! The boss will be working on the prototype alone!"
 Due to everyone’s unfamiliarity with the new design, Ves demanded full control over the entire fabrication process. Only if he did everything himself would he be able to guarantee the quality of his prototype. It was vitally important that this early copy of the Blackbeak be a faithful reflection of its design.
 Every mech technician halted their work and cleared their junk. The new production line stood ready to be used. Ves took a deep breath and centered his mind onto his continuously evolving image.
 He opened his eyes, revealing a flickering glint in his eyes. "Let’s make you whole."
 Ves moved his fingers over the console of the Dortmund printer. He started working from the inside out, fabricating the innermost pieces first before working his way outwards.
 The technical challenge laid mostly in his unfamiliarity with the process. He also worked with unfamiliar materials and entirely new alloys that sometimes strained his capability to solve problems on the fly.
 "Still, the greatest advantage of designing a mech from scratch is that you have complete control over its complexity."
 A hybrid knight like the Caesar Augustus possessed a lot of interconnected components that made a mess of things inside. Even if he substantially simplified its internal architecture in the Mark II, it still posed a lot of difficulties.
 On the other hand, an pure knight with a narrow set of priorities carried a lot less baggage around. Ves prioritized on designing a simple, clean and easy-to-assemble internal architecture because he intended the Blackbeak to be repaired and worked on over many years in the field.
 "Easier to repair also makes it easier to assemble."
 He only encountered some genuine challenges when he formed the armor plates. Each of the three Veltrex layers centered around their own mix of highly valuable exotic minerals that might react unstable if handled improperly. Even with his Alloy Compression III sub-skill, Ves came across various close calls that could have been avoided if he practiced beforehand.
 "I can’t afford the time to take a trial run. I’m already in the race and there’s no way but to proceed!"
 The time pressure actually emboldened Ves to put his full effort in his work. The black phoenix also thrived in a crisis and become more active and engaged as the fabrication went on. The two synergised with each other and Ves started adding intuitive touches in his work at the prompting of the picky image in his head.
 After his first slip-ups, Ves got the hang of working with each different formula. He smoothly applied the correct adjustments to the chemical treatment machine and the alloy compressor to ensure a near-perfect finish for each of the plates.
 The most difficult work by far was adding all of the flourishes onto the top layers. Ves had to put the pieces back inside the Dortmund in order to utilize its precision carving module to neatly trace out the decorative flourishes. One wrong move risked threatening the structural integrity of the entire layer, turning it from an effective piece of armor into a clunky alloy plate.
 "I definitely can’t add something so elaborate in my silver label version of the Blackbeak." Ves concluded. "Anyone who’s Assembly Skill is below the standard of a Journeyman can forget about doing this without leaving flaws."
 The added difficulty of incorporating these engravings raised the value of his design. Ves put a lot of creative energy in their formation, granting them meaning beyond conveying a simple image. Ves even imagined the black phoenix blessing them with its own touch of vital energy.
 "It’s like they’re acting as reservoirs for the X-Factor or some other kind of metaphysical energy."
 By the time he finished decorative engravings, they appeared to glow in his sixth sense. The entire mech turned into something more than a simple machine by the time he started assembling the pieces into place.
 His consciously simple design allowed him to assemble the various parts with greater speed and ease than with a hybrid knight. The Blackbeak hardly made a croak as its parts smoothly fit into place with the judicious use of bots.
 "It’s like magic." Carlos sighed as he compared the exquisite craftsmanship displayed by Ves with his own output. "How is Ves able to make his products with so much presence? The mech isn’t even finished yet, but I can already tell it will be an exceptional work!"
 Cyril chewed on a piece of stimulants as he formed a reply. "I’ve seen jobs like this a couple of times in my life. They’re made by craftsman in the best sense of that word. They are passionate about their work and treat every individual mech like a seperate art piece. You can tell that Ves is made from the same mold by the intensity of his focus. It’s like we’re not even here."
 Even their low discussion didn’t affect the meticulous work that went into fitting the more delicate pieces into their assigned positions. Once Ves attached the finished sword and shield to the back, the prototype officially came into being.
 The black phoenix in his mind cried out triumphantly and spread its wings. It was just about to depart from his mind and enter the almost-finished Blackbeak’s design, but Ves held the stubborn bird in place.
 "It’s not finished yet! Stay put!"
 The phoenix took offense at his demand and tried to burst through the shackles holding it down. Ves cried out in pain and held his thundering head in his hands. His sudden collapse alarmed the mech technicians.
 "He’s exhausted He hardly took a rest over these three days!"
 "Call a medic from the security group! They have one on-site, I’m sure of it!"
 None of them suspected that Ves was waging a battle in his mind. The black phoenix he birthed into being had developed a life of its own. Like any child growing up, it sometimes tried to defy its progenitor. In other words, the black phoenix reached the point where it started to assert its own identity.
 "It’s not time yet!" He yelled, to the confusion of the worried technicians. "Stop your stupid tantrum and get back inside!"
 His condition became so fierce that the medic hauled him to the tiny clinic set near the walls surrounding the workshop. By the time Ves recovered, he found out that everyone thought he collapsed from overwork.
 "You worked for three days straight! Even with your abnormal body characteristics, humans are never meant to stay up for such a massive stretch at a time!"
 "I’m okay doc. I’ll be fine after a good night’s sleep." Ves waved away their concerns and hopped off the cot as spry as an energetic child. "Let me see the prototype before I sign off."
 He left the clinic and walked across the open courtyard to the workshop area. Once inside, he waltzed towards the other end of the hall where a crowd of bewitched employees gazed admiringly at the very first version of the Blackbeak.
 "It’s beautiful, and it’s not yet even complete."
 The blackbeak’s dark coating gave the mech the illusion of an obsidian statue. The detailed carvings concentrated on its beak, its shoulder pauldrons and its symbol-laden armaments lent the prototype an air of gravitas.
 "Well, you certainly did it." Chief Cyril slapped his back when Ves approached. "The Mark II is like a toy compared to this beast."
 On the other hand, Jake looked a bit concerned. "I’m not so sure it will find its place in the market. It looks almost evil compared to your previous works, Ves. I don’t know where you got your inspiration, but as it stands now, your design looks more fit for pirates than for mercs."
 Ves belatedly realized that this might become a problem. "It will look better once the festive cloud generators underneath the shoulder pauldrons turn online. I’ve programmed them to emit some bright white vapor aided by some conveniently placed lights to add some life to my mech."
 A knight was supposed to be a protector, a team player. Unlike the Havalax, the Blackbeak boldly bucked that stereotype by taking on an aggressive but subversive appearance. It won by staying alive, and it did so through a mix of grit and dirty tricks.
 He decided to stick with its current appearance due to that reason. Dumont’s Havalax could keep the white knights while the Blackbeak appealed more to the shadier crowd.
 "Let’s prepare for departure."
 On matters as important as the shipment of a prototype, Ves didn’t want to take a risks. He booked a berth at the next convoy shipment to Bentheim for the prototype and the mechs of his cousins. He also called ahead to Sanyal-Ablin to make the appropriate arrangements for his security detail on Bentheim.
 A lot of prep work went into their upcoming visit. With the growth of the company, the LMC had to comply with a lot more regulations as well as take a lot of industry-specific standards into account.
 The introduction of an entirely new design demanded even more compliance compared to variants. An incompetent designer could take an unknown mix of components and mix them together into a powder keg that could blow at any time
 The MTA took no risks with regards to potential hazards to public safety. It was up to the mech designer to prove his new design was safe to use.
 On the day of the transfer, a couple of executives from the LMC accompanied Ves and his entourage aboard the Barracuda. This time, the corvette joined the slow and lumbering convoy for safety purposes and to ensure their shipment of mechs remained safe.
 As a luxury yacht, the Barracuda easily accommodated the extra passengers, though the executives had to bunk up in their cramped rooms. It elicited a lot of grumbling from the likes of Jake, Primrose and the people who originally came from Bentheim.
 "Sorry guys. It’s a small ship so you’ll just have to make do." Ves apologised before turning to Captain Silvestra. "How’s the Barracuda holding up these last few months?"
 "The regular exercise has been great, sir!" The captain reported with a smile. "It’s good to stretch our legs by conveying your people back and forth. The frequent travel allows us to become intimately familiar with the gravitic geography between Cloudy Curtain and Bentheim. As long as we can keep this up for half a year, we’ll be able to develop a fairly complete chart that will allow us to develop fast and circuitous FTL routes."
 "What does that mean?"
 "It means we’ll stand a higher chance of avoiding blockades and ambushes if the Bentheim System is taken over by the Vesians."
 "The Vesians have never pushed as far as Bentheim before. The Republic always fights tooth and nail the closer they get. We can’t afford to lose our only port system."
 "Be that as it may, sir, it’s best to be prepared should the worst come to pass."
 The prospect of a disastrous occupation of Bentheim weighed down in his mind. Even though the Vesians always failed to take the prosperous system in the end, it only took a couple of random mishaps for them to succeed.
 Besides preparing for the release of a new design, the LMC also had to prepare for the inevitable war. That meant talking with the government, the suppliers, the security companies, the insurance companies and more.
 "Do we have to bring so many people?" Ves quietly asked Jake.
 As his COO, the Larkinson retainer had been very bold in expanding the company’s payroll. "We’re making a lot of appointments because our company hasn’t made any existing arrangements against various contingencies. It’s fine if you want to leave it for later, but once the war finally sets off, it’s going to be a lot harder to get a hold of important people."
 The LMC already entered into half-a-dozen agreements so far that granted them access to military convoys and strategic resource stockpiles.
 Ves had to admit it sounded like a good idea to be prepared. He hadn’t even heard of half the programs in the list that Jake passed to him. "I see there are limits to how much insurance is willing to cover us."
 "The entire Bentheim region is beset by difficulties in obtaining insurance now that the war is on the horizon. In the eyes of the insurance companies, Cloudy Curtain is even less secure than Bentheim, as our only real defense force consists of a single gang. The Vesians don’t have to allocate too many mechs to destroy all our infrastructure."
 Implicitly, Jake questioned the need to base their production facilities on a poorly defended rural planet. Ves ignored those unspoken thoughts.
 "Is it unusual for the insurance companies to close up like that for our region before a war breaks out?"
 "It happened a handful of times throughout the last two centuries. It’s a rough indicator on how bad the war might progress. The insurance industry is especially spooked by all the pirates and rebels running roughshod over the Komodo Star Sector."
 That gave Ves a lot of food for thought. He spent his remaining time on his ship reading up on the various preparations the company had been cooking up. They even formed an agreement with Walter’s Whalers to ship out their most expensive production equipment off-planet if the Republic failed to contain the Vesians!
 The convoy touched down upon Bentheim more than two days later. They’d been delayed by additional security checks and the requirement to adhere to the speed of the slowest transports.
 A guarded planetary transport waited them at the spaceport. Loaders carefully transferred the prototype in the cargo bay while Melkor and Raella entered their mechs. Ves didn’t expect any trouble, but it didn’t hurt to be prepared. He also carried Lucky on his shoulders as an increasingly familiar custom.
 Jake and a handful of mech technicians and aides accompanied Ves in an armored shuttle. His COO presented him with a secure data pad of the revised agreement between the LMC and Marcella’s brokerage.
 The entire contract looked awfully dense and Ves was not in the mood to decipher them. "I don’t have time to read through these terms. Give me a summary."
 "We’ve pretty much come to an agreement on this set of terms. Mrs. Bollinger is willing to accept a reduced commission of ten percent of gross profits for any product released after signing this agreement. In exchange, we’ll assume responsibility for most forms of mass marketing as well as after-sales support. The latter change is a very impactful one."
 "How so?"
 "Mechs often get damaged, so they often need to be repaired as well. In extreme cases, the total cost of repairs have even exceeded the cost to buy a new mech, so you can imagine the potential earnings of this industry. Sometimes an outfit wants to modify a mech or add more armaments, and that takes a substantial amount of money as well."
 "I see now. From the tone of your voice, you don’t sound that optimistic. Marcella wouldn’t have given us this concession without reason."
 "Unless we grow large enough to form our own repair company, it’s best to form a contract with an existing repair business on Bentheim. That means we have to form a branch office and hire some liaisons who can keep an eye on them. You don’t want the repair companies to work without supervision. They’ll rip you off in a thousand different ways if they think they can get away with it. Even a solid contract won’t help that much."
 "So they’re as shady as salvage outfits."
 "If you think about it, they’re two sides of the same coin."
 It turned out that the repair industry was plagued with a lot of fraud and pitfalls. A poorly managed repair scheme could easily pile the Bentheim division with a mountain of debt. Frankly, Ves admired Marcella for conducting after-sales support in his stead up to this point.
 The entire agreement also hinged on Marcella’s approval of his new design. Ves had managed to keep it under wraps so far. He wanted to achieve the maximum possible impact for her first impression, so he didn’t even send along any documents.
 The armed procession of transports, shuttles and mechs traversed away from Dorum and neared the mech hub of Ansel, which previously hosted the Vintage Festival. This time, they skipped the exhibition center and instead arrived at the doorsteps of the Ansel Precision Mech Testing Grounds, or APMTG.
 "Mr. Larkinson! Welcome to the APMTG!" A sharply-dressed young man shouted over the all the thruster noise. The representative of the testing grounds greeted their arrival with a handshake and a smile. "Follow me to the labs! Our testing personnel has already prepared for the arrival of your new design!"
 Ves looked upwards at the transport that carried his mech. "What about my prototype?"
 "We’re prepping our secure hangar for spying equipment before we allow your prototype to be transferred in our hands. At the APMTG, we take confidentiality as our highest priority! Our state of the art security systems is able to deter almost any spying methods known to the Komodo Star Sector!"
 "APMTG is a mouthful."
 "Just call us the testing grounds!"
 Once they stepped inside, they entered a control room that overlooked an empty hall. A duty manager greeted them and showed Ves around. "This is our first testing chamber, where we will be measuring the basic parameters of your mech in order to get a baseline. This is not to say we believe your product is defective!"
 Ves nodded. "I understand. Before you push my mech to the limit, you need to determine if the mech isn’t already wrong from the start. It also helps calibrate your subsequent tests."
 "Ah, thank you for your understanding. Do you have a background in testing mechs?"
 "I know a thing or two about salvaging them, which does some of the same stuff you do."
 That could be construed as an insult, as the salvage industry was well known for cutting corners. Fortunately, the duty manager didn’t take any offense.
 "Well, our testing process adheres to industry standards and is much more exacting than what can be achieved in the frontier."
 They better be, because Ves paid over ten million credits for this service. He could get away with less if he took his prototype to the MTA, but it turned out that they had a waiting list over two months long.
 At least the testing grounds performed a greater variety of tests, so Ves expected to get his money’s worth.
 "I can’t wait to see how my prototype will perform."
 As they waited for the prototype to be brought from the hangar to the testing chamber, Marcella arrived with a faux-angry face.
 "The nerve of you!" She slapped his back with her artificial limb, only to be surprised by his ability to remain unfazed. "Well, I forgot you went through that ordeal in the frontier. You’ve grown some balls recently."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "Hey, we can always stick to the current contract."
 "And risk letting you get away? No way! You’re the goose who lays the golden eggs!" Marcella firmly shook her head. "Ves, even if your early work resembles dog turds, you’ve been getting better and better with each new model. Your progress is especially pronounced when you track the quality of your virtual models."
 Since they basically fixed all of the terms of their revised contract, Marcella didn’t feel any need to hold back her opinion. Ves got the sense that Marcella deliberately sang praises to make a better impression. It glossed over the fact that a mech broker like her more often posed as a ruthless shark.
 They made small-talk while the testing grounds conveyed the prototype. Fifteen minutes later, the early version of the Blackbeak stood at the center of the testing chamber.
 Everyone dropped their conversation and stared at its alluringly sinister frame in shock. His hand-crafted models always had that effect on those who saw his products for the first time, but even Marcella dropped her metaphorical jaw.
 Eventually, she laughed. "When I heard you finally started working on your first original design, I didn’t expect a monster! This is one of the most impressive designs I’ve ever seen, appearance wise alone! I’m tempted to sign the new contract right now!"
 The testing grounds proceeded with their first tests once a test pilot boarded the Blackbeak’s cockpit.
 The mech pilot proceeded to tread carefully in activating the mech. Ves noticed plenty of bots hovering at the sides of the chamber. They carried a number of emergency equipment such as fire suppressants and isolation materials should his mech start to malfunction.
 Fortunately, the Blackbeak turned online as smooth as flowing water. The testing chamber’s sensors and the diagnostics conveyed by the mech’s internals conveyed no red flags. For now.
 "All systems look green! Minor deviances have been reported with the power reactor. They are well within tolerances!"
 Ves had a lot of confidence nothing would go wrong at the start. He meticulously checked the quality of his own work as he assembled it piece by piece. Still, he felt excited to see his hard work pay off by delivering a near-flawless performance.
 The testing grounds performed a rigorous amount of testing in the empty chamber. The test pilot started making simple but meaningful moves. This could be something as simple as leaning forward or backwards, or as complex as balancing on one leg while extending out the remaining limbs.
 That last move caused Ves to wince. The Blackbeak’s leg had not been rated to handle all of that weight for long stretches of time. Still, his mech performed like a champ, taking the escalating levels of stress in stride. By the time the mech ran at full sprint while swinging its sword and shield back and forth, Ves relaxed enough to chat with the people from the testing ground.
 "How large is the testing ground?"
 "Oh, we have over twenty testing chambers and more than forty outdoor grounds and obstacle courses. Many of them are duplicates as we are constantly testing new designs. Our state-of-the-art equipment and galaxy-leading methodologies is praised by everyone in Bentheim. We frequently receive the most confidential test models from various famous Journeyman Mech Designers."
 Interspersed between the somewhat exaggerated marketing speech, the people of the testing grounds revealed a genuine passion of getting their hands on the latest toys in the Republic first. The truly prestigious mech designers sometimes sent out a batch of half-a-dozen mechs for the testing grounds to wreck while gathering as much data as possible.
 "You guys must be wrecking a lot of mechs!"
 "Oh, it’s not that bad. Any destruction is always carefully controlled in a way the remnants can be fully salvaged."
 Once they finished the basic tests, the testing grounds moved the prototype to a second chamber. This one contained various mech-sized dummies and obstacles for the Blackbeak to sink its teeth in. Ves even recognized some cheap exotic alloys that must have been salvaged and reforged a couple of hundred times.
 The mech pilot slowly moved to attack a basic target made out of wood. The flimsy material split like paper, hardly putting up an obstacle against the alloys built into the sword.
 That soon changed as the pilot started swinging the sword against a progression of increasingly formidable materials. Ves sighed in relief once they went through the final plate of armor, which mimicked the toughness of a medium knight’s chest armor.
 "The sword has largely held up."
 Certainly, it wouldn’t be a good sword if it became chipped or blunted after tearing through the armor of a couple of mechs. Still, even the strongest swords could snap like a twig if wielded by an incompetent pilot.
 The testing grounds spent the next ten days subjecting the prototype to a variety of conditions.
 They ran the mech through an obstacle course until it ran out of fuel.
 They subjected it to a hellishly hot chamber before dropping the temperature to below freezing point.
 They overloaded the internals to see how much mileage the prototype could extract out of that extra power, but they quickly had to halt their attempts. The mech reached the point of irreversible damage too rapidly to continue this particular test.
 Most of the time, the tests consisted of hour-long sojourns into waiting for a component to reach its breaking point. The testing grounds left the more destructive tests at the very end, where they finally placed the mech in front of a couple of turrets and fired at it with sadistic glee.
 "The toughness of your mech’s exterior is really good!" The same duty manager praised. "What a great armor system! Its compartmentalization isn’t too shabby as well."
 "The Blackbeak is still a knight. It’s designed to take a beating."
 The one thing they couldn’t test was how easy they could repair it back to full. Ves lacked the time to go through such a round and the testing ground demanded a substantial price for such a service.
 During his ten-day stay at the testing grounds, he found it remarkable how far they went to keep their confidentiality.
 The same crop of testing personnel manned to consoles and performed the testing. The various testing facilities had been carefully screened, and even the outdoor grounds had been fenced in by obscuring electric screens.
 Alongside isolation, the testing grounds also employed a mix of active security that actively swept the grounds for spying devices and unwanted visitors. Considering the clout of their regular customers, such precautions were definitely needed!
 "I must say, it’s a pleasure to test your first original mech!" The representative gushed as he accompanied Ves to the shuttle pad. "Yours is one of the most aesthetically pleasing debut designs I’ve ever had the pleasure of seeing on our grounds!"
 "Thanks for letting me witness the entire process. It always hurts to see your own creation get hurt, but I’ve learned just as much from my observations as I’ve had from the data you’ve compiled."
 "It’s our pleasure to serve you. We don’t often see mech designers possess as much passion for the craft as you, to the point where you’ve stuck with us for the entire ten-day stretch!"
 That inadvertently told Ves a lot about how the well-to-do mech designers treated their own creations. He gently shook his head. How far would he go before he started to treat his mechs as commodities as well?
 "Well, I’m very satisfied with your services." Ves thanked the representative as he reached his shuttle. "I’ll think about bringing my next designs to you whenever I come up with something new!"
 "You’re welcome, Mr. Larkinson. The APMTG always stands ready to find the limits of your mechs!"
 While the pieces of the prototype would be shipped back to Cloudy Curtain, Ves had to make one more stop. Marcella left after the first couple of hours since the testing began, but she regularly kept tabs on the results by remote. By now, she must have gathered enough data to prove that the Blackbeak was a solid design.
 "It’s too bad your Blackbeak doesn’t perform that well in certain extreme conditions." Jake commented to him. "Knights have always shown historically poor performance in hot and vacuum environments, but your model is particularly bad at it. That may not be a problem in the Republic’s market, but it will be greater hindrance should you decide to publish it beyond our borders."
 "I’m not considering any expansions beyond the border at this point. Even if I do, I’ll likely develop a cold-weather variant instead."
 "Don’t go overboard on developing variants for your own products. If there’s a viable need, other mech designers will license your design."
 "That sounds fairly unlikely." Ves replied. "I’m merely an Apprentice Mech Designer, and my design is being published at the tail end of the current generation."
 "True. Most mech designers have already given up on the current generation and are waiting for the next one to arrive."
 They had a fascinating discussion about what mech designers did to stay in business during these trying times. The more established entrepreneurs could easily sit back and rely on their existing catalog to generate a steady income. Newcomers had it more difficult.
 Once they arrived at Marcella’s brokerage, they went up to her office where she awaited his arrival. "Ves, please take a seat. We have important decisions to make."
 "So what did you think about my prototype?" Ves asked as he dropped Lucky to the floor to run around while he took the center seat. Jake took the seat next to him and brought up a data pad that displayed the revised contract their negotiators hammered out.
 "I have to admit, I’m impressed." The mech broker said. "I didn’t think you’d be able to exceed the quality of your most recent products. Out of all of the products I’ve worked with, none possess as much magic as yours."
 "Don’t forget about its performance. I’ve worked hard and risked my life to acquire a set of high-quality component licenses. My mech’s performance is on par with other currentgen models that are priced around 60 million credits."
 "One could argue that Michael Dumont’s latest model is a much better bang for your buck."
 "The Havalax won’t last as long as the Blackbeak when all hell breaks loose."
 "It will take years before that becomes evident."
 "Well, that’s what marketing is for, right?" Ves pointed out. "I’m sure the benefits of my model will become clear as long as we put out the right message."
 After some small-talk, they moved on to the revised contract. Ves skimmed over the clauses and found nothing that stood out to him, though he only understood half of the terms.
 Meanwhile, Marcella clasped her hands and added a last-minute request. "I’ve been thinking about the cooperation we had so far and what we can achieve in the future. I think you have promise, Ves."
 "What are you getting at?" Ves looked at his mech broker with a guarded expression.
 "I’d like to take a personal stake in your business. Say, five percent of the LMC’s shares."
 Ves dropped the data pad containing the contract. Even Jake looked taken aback at this sudden demand.
 "I’m sorry, Marcella, but I’m not short on cash right now."
 "Hear me out, Ves. The current contract states that we’ll be working together for at least twenty years. A lot of things can happen during that time, especially considering the Republic will be having their generational spat with the Kingdom. Times may become difficult for us, and that’s why we need to forge a stronger bond."
 Jake didn’t refuse the suggestion out of hand. He looked intrigued and asked a pertinent question. "What are you prepared to offer in exchange for a five percent stake?"
 "It’s difficult to determine the LMC’s current market cap. You’re keeping your books close to your chests." She explained. "However, I have my sources, and I’ve also made a projection of your company’s future earnings. I think it’s fair to offer around 1.3 billion credits."
 "That’s a lot of money." Ves immediately replied, but he also revealed his misgivings. "But that doesn’t sound enough. My growth is extremely fast compared to my competitors. Ten years from now, the LMC will be a completely different animal."
 "Aren’t you a little too optimistic? You’ve never lived through the last war, and from what everyone tells me, the upcoming one will be even more destructive. I’m also on the hook if a disaster falls upon your workshop."
 They negotiated back and forth. Ves truly believed his company had a brighter future than the value that Marcella ascribed to it. Meanwhile, his mech broker believed that Ves severely underestimated the challenges his company was about to face in the next ten years.
 Eventually, Marcella switched up her offer and decided to pledge 1.9 billion credits worth of marketing activities in exchange for a five percent stake and a seat at the board.
 "Don’t underestimate the value of marketing. It’s essential to sustain your company’s rapid growth phase. As your catalog and production capacity grows, you’ll need to develop other channels to sell your mechs."
 Jake made a subtle indication to Ves. His COO thought that Marcella offered a decent amount of value for what she asked. Ves let go of some of his misgivings. Still, the question remained whether he should issue stock or sell the ones he already had in hand?
 "The Larkinson Estate won’t agree with the decision to issue new stock." He responded. Before he joined the LMC, he used to be a retainer for the Larkinsons. He still acted as their proxy in a way. "Issuing new stock will dilute their ownership of the company below twenty-five percent. That’s not in their interest."
 In the end, Ves had to part with his own shares, reducing his ownership of the LMC from seventy-five percent to seventy percent. They slowly went through the paperwork and signed all the contracts. At the end of the day, the LMC welcomed another shareholder to the fold.
 Ves rubbed his tired face. "I don’t know if I made the right choice or not, but welcome to the fold. I hope you can help us grow into a fixture of the Republic."
 The new agreement entailed significant changes in their cooperation. For better of worse, both of their fates became intertwined with the success of the LMC.
 The wrecked state of the prototype diminished its value immensely. Ves decided to scrap the pieces outright in order to recover as much exotics as possible and ship them back to his workshop.
 With most of the company’s envoys remaining on Bentheim to take care of business, Ves, Jake and his usual entourage decided to race back to Cloudy Curtain aboard the Barracuda. Without the shackles of a slow and lumbering convoy, the swift and agile corvette reached Cloudy Curtain in roughly a day.
 Ves hardly wasted any time by returning to his office. The Blackbeak’s ten-day crucible revealed a lot about its limits. "The simulations haven’t been that far off."
 The differences between the virtual models and the realspace testing didn’t amount to much, but the details mattered. In particular, the testing revealed that the Blackbeak could use some improvements in terms of heat management and armor coverage.
 "My mech runs too hot the longer it keeps running. It’s not venting heat fast enough. The joints are also rather vulnerable."
 Defensive knights featured very thick armor around their joints, making it difficult to exploit them as weak points. The Blackbeak demanded a certain level of mobility however, which limited the amount of armor Ves could put around its knees and elbows.
 The testing grounds revealed that the joint armor degraded a little too quickly. The Veltrex armor system performed well below standards if Ves thinned its three layers beyond the minimum threshold.
 Both problems demanded Ves to make a couple of unpalatable compromises. Solving the heat issues entailed incorporating more active heat emission elements, which took up valuable space. Increasing the armor around the joints meant that the Blackbeak lost a substantial amount of flexibility.
 Could he plug both gaps while retaining the Blackbeak’s current level of performance?
 Ves crunched his head over the problems, but came up with nothing. He decided to consult the imaginary existence roosting in his mind. "C’mon, black phoenix, show me an idea."
 The image hardly stirred. It didn’t possess any intrinsic knowledge about mech design to suggest any solutions to the problems he faced. Ves had to solve the issue on his own.
 He decided to punt on the problems and address the minor problems first. Ves corrected various minor shortcomings about his design by minutely shifting the placements of some components. It only took a couple of hours to enact all the changes, but Ves took three entire days to confirm they didn’t result in any adverse consequences.
 By that time, Ves made a decision about his design. "My mech is meant to stay on the field for long stretches of time. Both heat management and joint coverage are essential to extending the Blackbeak’s operational time."
 Though it hurt him a lot, he decided to cut into the Blackbeak’s design in order to make room for further improvements. He made room by expanding its exterior to make room for a couple of heatsinks and some heat shunting mechanisms. He also clad the joints in thicker layers of interlocking plates.
 Both changes profoundly affected the performance of his design. They also turned it into a slightly different beast, which forced Ves to rerun all of his virtual tests in order to insure he hadn’t introduced any new flaws. This stretched on for two weeks.
 The deadline to submit his new design to the MTA was only days away. Carlos knocked on his door and entered it when Ves signalled he could come in. Ves looked fairly haggard right now.
 "I just came to tell you that our time is running out. You spent enough time on your design. I know you feel like you can always do more, but that’s not how the industry works. Don’t be like those perfectionists who spend decades on a single design."
 Ves snapped out of his obsessive gaze towards his design. "You’re right. I doubt I can squeeze more performance out of this design. It’s time to wrap it all up."
 Compared to the prototype, the latest version of the Blackbeak looked more robust. Its slightly expanded frame and substantial joint coverage slowed down the knight, shifting it away from the fighting style of a skirmisher. In exchange, Ves plugged some of its weak points and slightly increased its capacity to absorb damage.
 He found it hard to tell whether his design actually improved, but at least he made it a little more rounded. Strengthening the joint armor closed a potential loophole that knowledgeable opponents could exploit with contemptuous ease. Now they had to work a little harder to cripple his knight.
 The closer his design reached completion, the more the black phoenix stirred. When Ves added the logo of the LMC on the upper left chest of his mech, the bird practically screeched with impatience.
 "Not yet." He whispered, trying hard to contain his image inside his head. "There’s still something missing."
 Despite the wholesomeness of his design, Ves felt as if it lacked a final touch. "There’s a line between a fine mech and a great mech."
 All of the compromises he made had turned the Blackbeak into a fine mech. His extensive use of modeling gave him confidence that all of the major kinks had been worked out. His design shouldn’t carry any major flaws.
 Yet that didn’t seem enough.
 Ves paused for over thirty minutes over this road block. No matter how much he flexed his mind, he couldn’t figure out why his design was still not complete.
 He decided to step out and ask for the opinions of others. He first showed off a small projection to Lucky.
 "What do you think, buddy? Is it a good mech?"
 "Meow!" His cat batted the projection away.
 "Okay, then."
 He entered the workshop floor next and gathered Cyril and Carlos. The two supervisors hummed over the Blackbeak with serious expressions in their minds.
 "It’s larger than the previous version." Carlos stated. "The initial design looked graceful. That’s not quite the case anymore with this newer version. It looks fatter somehow."
 "It looks less like a light mech and more like a medium mech." Chief Cyril added. "Thin mechs look pretty, but they don’t tend to last too long in the field. Your design looks perfectly suitable to rough it out."
 They supplied some comments but didn’t mention anything too pertinent. Ves took his design to the rest of the mech technicians who had even less of an idea of what might be wrong.
 Carlos shook his head. "Really Ves, you’re obsessing too much again. I know it’s important to get your first design right, but it’s already a great mech. Let it go, man."
 "I’ll regret it if I stop at this point." He replied and shut off the projection. "I know I can do something to make it even better."
 No one could help him identify the problem, he realized. Even his closest friends never understood his design philosophy. They only saw the surface of his design.
 Ves left his workshop and stepped outside. He looked up at the perpetual cloudy skies and noted the subtle rainbow colors reflecting off their puffy surfaces.
 It took only a minute to figure it out. "Sentiment."
 He often liked to disparage other mech designers as producers of soulless objects. Yet many mech designers injected their designs with sentiment and personal feeling. The Larkinson ancestor’s Valiant struck the strongest impression in his mind. The iconic mech was a piece of living history that was capable of telling an interesting tale from its appearance alone.
 What kind of story did the Blackbeak convey? Why did he opt for an offensive knight, and why did it end up with a sinister aura?
 His memories cast back to the start of his career.
 Arriving at his workshop with a mountain of debt hanging over his head.
 Designing his first virtual mech out of two badly matched elements.
 Participating in the YTE and reaching the finals with the help of Charlotte.
 Developing and producing the Marc Antony Mark I, his very first production model.
 Journeying to Leemar and partnering up with Cadet Lovejoy to become one of the finalists of the Open Competition.
 Transitioning from Novice to Apprentice, acquiring the tutelage and patronage of a venerated Master Mech Designer.
 Improving the design of the original Marc Antony that resulted in the much-improved Mark II, which provided a steady amount of income to Ves.
 Founding the Living Mech Corporation, thereby establishing himself as an entrepreneur as well as a mech designer.
 Taking part in Lord Kaine’s treacherous expedition to Groening IV, harvesting both benefits and misfortune, only to escape by the skin of teeth.
 Returning home, spending his newfound wealth in merits and credits, and laying the groundwork for his first original mech.
 "The Blackbeak is the culmination of my personal journey up to this point." He whispered to skies.
 Even if he didn’t mean to, his design had been shaped by his past experiences. The Blackbeak, for all its beauty and darkness, exposed a portion that lay hidden beneath his heart.
 "What does this tell me?"
 The Blackbeak represented a subversion of the standard doctrine of employing knights as defensive bulwarks. He emphasized this design choice by applying a predominantly black coating.
 The Blackbeak represented his response to the darkness of the galaxy. It had already swallowed up his father and threatened to grasp Ves in its clutches. To fight back, he had to bend the rules as well, using something as unconventional as the System to get a head-start.
 He also developed the Blackbeak as a poignant response to the Caesar Augustus. The old lastgen design served as the debut of Jason Kozlowski. Perhaps Ves wanted to avoid the famous business scion’s lack of success by trying to convey the opposite mood.
 It also expressed his opinion that the next war would be won by survivors instead of heroes. No one knew the depths at which both sides could sink a couple of years from now. In these murky times, you had to think outside the box if you wanted to thrive.
 "My mastery has something to do with this as well."
 His brief but unforgettable journey into Barley’s mind provided him with an essential understanding of a pilot of knights. Even if the Blackbeak looked as if it couldn’t be trusted, it still possessed a bone of unyielding will. It could still be relied on to act as a defender if needed.
 "I understand now. The Blackbeak is something that I had always wanted to pilot if I ever became a mech pilot."
 Sadly, his genetic aptitude ruled out any possibility of piloting his own mechs. Only the seemingly omnipotent System might offer a way, but Ves never looked up the option. He had a feeling the price was much more than he could bear.
 The momentary break helped him reflect upon his work and figure out what he missed. Once he finished his contemplation, he calmly went inside and returned to his office. He summoned up his projection and zoomed in on the cockpit.
 The interior offered fairly luxurious furnishings for a cockpit. Ves spent a decent amount of time in prettying up the interior and making it more comfortable for pilots in it for the long haul.
 He also added reliefs of the black phoenix. The different carvings conveyed a made-up story about the phoenix’s origins and its eventual transformation into a black phoenix.
 As a final touch, Ves didn’t think of changing the functional design of his mech. He merely wanted to add his personal signature to his work. One could argue that the label underneath the front console already sufficed, but Ves thought he needed to add a deeper meaning to his design.
 A weight imposed on his mind, pushing him towards monumental decision. "You’re the Blackbeak, but that’s more of a name for a design."
 If Ves considered his creations to be alive, then they deserved an intimate name that they could call their own. He felt like a father who was about to bestow a name to his recently born child.
 With a couple of controls, Ves engraved the name of his design at the top of the interior of the cockpit.
 "Your name is Akhran."
 Ves let go of the reins of the image clamoring in his mind. The black phoenix screeched triumphantly as it escaped from the prison of its progenitor’s mind and dove into the Blackbeak’s intangible domain.
 Even though he only witnessed a projection, Ves had the illusion that his design felt more complete somehow. The Blackbeak exuded a sense of finality and solidity that had always been lacking from the prototype.
 "Hahahaha!" He laughed, finally letting go of the tension that had been crushing over his shoulder. "It’s finished! I’m finally done!"
 His very first original design was ready to be submitted to the MTA. Assuming everything went well, he would finally be able to advance his career and make his mark as a designer of original mechs.
 He looked forward to competing against his upstart rival. An air of bloodlust momentarily infected his mood.
 The completion of the Blackbeak resulted in a cleansing of the mind. Ves never realized the black phoenix’s presence took up such a heavy toll on his mind. Its departure freed up space he never knew existed.
 His design possessed a definite spiritual element. He could feel it in his sixth sense. It distinguished his design from the vast majority of other designs publically available for licensing. No one would be able to tell why his design drew the eye, but it definitely possessed a seductive allure.
 "It’s pretty much a bad boy among designs."
 The Blackbeak’s appearance carried a dark mystique that made it a more natural fit among pirates and outcasts than upright mercenary circles. It was the kind of mech that appealed more to mech pilots with a lot of issues on their plate.
 Even with these negative connotations, Ves still loved his design like it was his own child. In a certain sense, he indeed birthed it into this universe.
 After Ves came off his high, he sighed and raised his comm before dropping it. Before he could get his evaluation from the System, he needed to fabricate a single copy of the final design. Taking such a step would leave a physical presence of his design.
 "Onwards, then!"
 He bounded out of his office and raced towards the workshop floor. The meandering mech technicians all looked up at his entry.
 "Clear the production line!"
 Everyone soon found out that the Blackbeak had been finished. The mech technicians wrapped up their projects and hauled every piece of junk to the side. They were about to witness the fabrication of the first production model, something that carried a lot more weight than the production of the prototype.
 "Can we help?" Carlos asked. "We practiced on the prototype’s design for several weeks. We’re beginning to get the hang of it. The armor plates are still giving us a lot of trouble, but we can easily take care of the generic components."
 Ves shook his head. "Not this time. It’s not that I don’t trust you, but my first production model is going to be submitted to the MTA. I can’t afford to risk any deviations from the design."
 His extensive Assembly Skills made him the most proficient fabricator in the workshop by far. This actually indicated that his workshop lacked a senior fabricator that could take over for Ves in his absence.
 Such figures usually consisted of older mech designers who gave up on pursuing a career in design. Their background in mech design and their decades-long experience in fabrication entitled them to fantastic conditions. They easily earned millions of credits a year at some medium mech manufacturers.
 Right now, Ves displayed the same amount of skill of a senior fabricator in his own workshop. He deftly manipulated the interface of the Dortmund to churn out part after part. His prior experience with the prototype allowed him to avoid many of the pitfalls he stumbled into last time.
 Ves designed the Blackbeak to be easy to fabricate. Besides the complicated armor system and the elaborate surface carvings, the mech embodied the rule that knights should be a simple mech to make.
 He even detected a faint resonance between the Dortmund printer and his work. He faithfully reconstructed the impressive machine out of a variety of salvaged parts. He understood the machine and felt connected to it in a way that he would never have with an off-the-shelf device.
 The more he understood his tools, the better he was able to exert control over the process.
 Even the armor forging proceeded with little incident. Once he got the hang of it once, he could reproduce the same steps in his sleep. The differences between the first version and second version of his design didn’t lead to major shifts in paradigms, so he applied the same solutions as last time.
 The Blackbeak’s first production model slowly came together. Each bolt and plate had been made with loving care, as Ves channeled his full focus into making the most wholesome representation of his design into a physical presence in this reality.
 The final step consisted of mounting a custom gem inside the cockpit. Like the Mark II, Ves turned the start button into a placeholder for a gemstone. He carefully opened a pouch and selected a pre-prepared gem that Lucky once produced some time ago.
 [Black Diamond of the Night]
 Increases the speed and armor of a mech by 10% at low light levels.
 The dark diamond featured a compelling glint that matched the Blackbeak’s mystique. While he didn’t think his customers would employ his mech at night, it might provide a surprising result.
 "Well, it’s not quite certain my first production model will even see combat."
 The mech market placed a lot of value on special or unique mechs. The abundant amount of money he harvested from the Vintage Festival was a case in point. Wealthy collectors constantly kept their eye out on mechs with noteworthy providence.
 It remained to be seen whether the first production model became a rarity. It derived its value from the overall success of its design. The more copies he sold, the more collectors desired to obtain the initial copy he completed just now.
 After completing his mech, Ves gathered everyone at work and invited them to gaze at the brand new model.
 Jake whistled in appreciation at the sight. "I don’t know how you did it, but your first production model is even more hypnotic than the prototype. I’m only worried that the market might not be able to stomach it. Those who get a glimpse of your mech from a projection won’t be able to experience its intensity."
 Much like artwork, a recording or a projection wouldn’t be able to convey more than a tenth of the intangible properties of his hand-crafted work. His virtual models should have deserved more appreciation, but because of the limitations in simulation technology, his customers only experience a pale imitation of his original intentions.
 "That’s the nature of our business. We just have to work with what we have."
 Ves spent the final day wrapping up his documentation. He already sent more than enough proof that he worked on his design alone, but it didn’t hurt to send additional documents. He mainly paid attention to justifying his design choices. It gave the judges from the MTA a glimpse in his mind.
 He also assigned the Blackbeak design a model number. Every mech designer adhered to their own rules with regards to these codes. Ves kept it relatively simple in order to keep track of his growing catalog of designs.
 BP-A-01 stood for Black Phoenix, Arkhan, first published edition.
 If Ves wanted to update the design, he’d change the code for the Mark II version to BP-A-02. If he wanted to design an aerial variant, the code changed into something like BP-S-01. In short, every update or variant using the Blackbeak as a base began with BP.
 While he tidied up his project files, he also sneaked in some time with the System and submitted his design to its discerning gaze. The program spat out its evaluation of the Blackbeak almost instantly.
 [Design Evaluation: Blackbeak BP-A-01]
 Model name: Blackbeak BP-A-01
 Original Manufacturer: Ves Larkinson
 Weight Classification: Medium
 Recommended Role: Offensive Knight
 Armor: A-
 Carrying Capacity: B-
 Aesthetics: A
 Endurance: A
 Energy Efficiency: B-
 Flexibility: C-
 Firepower: D
 Integrity: A-
 Mobility: C+
 Spotting: E
 X-Factor: C++
 Cost efficiency: C
 Project involvement: 100%
 Original component composition: 7%
 Overall evaluation: The Blackbeak is a remarkable third-class offensive knight design that excels in lengthy conflicts. Its unusual balance between armor and design enables pilots to employ it in a variety of circumstances with abundant flexibility. However, its lack of notable strengths also demands a high level of skill and judgement to pilot the Blackbeak to its full potential.
 [You have received 1000 Design Points for completing an original design that has no other equivalent.]
 [You have received 500 Design Points for designing a mech with a moderate presence of X-Factor.]
 "Damn it! I got so far and I still haven’t broken through my previous record!"
 His X-Factor score showed that he had reached the extreme end of the C range, yet it didn’t enter into B territory. Ves felt a little bitter about that. Even though the growth element incorporated into the design should strengthen its X-Factor over time, it wouldn’t be able to show off its potential at the time of purchase.
 The System’s lack of fanfare around his first original design felt a little off. It treated the Blackbeak the same as the temporary designs he slapped together during competitions. This should have been a major milestone for him. He at least expected a present or something.
 "Can’t you say anything nice for once, System?"
 [User, keep working hard on developing your ability to design mechs. You are on the right track!]
 Ves threw up his hands. "Whatever."
 He forgot about the System and turned to his timetable. His administration already prepared the submission procedure. He only had to hand over his first production model along with some hard copy documents to the MTA to begin the validation process.
 The validation process was mainly a souped up certification process where his design and his physical copy would be judged according to a very strict standard. Once his design passed muster, Ves gained the right to exploit the design through MTA channels.
 Some mech designers skipped the entire process. This was mostly the case with more renowned designers or those who worked for powerful entities like the governments of second-rate states.
 Submitting a design to the MTA entailed revealing all of its strengths and weaknesses to one of the largest powers in the galaxy. For designs meant to turn the tide in a war, such a massive exposure could spell defeat for the design, so under these circumstances, the MTA never got to peek at their inner workings.
 Quite obviously, Ves hadn’t reached that point yet. In order to convince his customers to purchase his mechs, he needed to make its details more accessible. Ves even planned to add the Blackbeak’s design to Iron Spirit in order to let the public get a taste of its wonders.
 The design phase formally ended when they loaded up the design aboard a secure transport arranged by Sanyal-Ablin. The security company would send it over to the MTA’s branch in Bentheim as soon as the next convoy left from Cloudy Curtain. Ves didn’t have to be present at the MTA unless they called for him, so he remained home this time.
 Ves sank into his sofa at the lounge with a tired sigh. "It’s finally done!"
 "I’m curious." Raella drawled as she sipped on a drink. She recently finished a routine patrol in her Vectrix. "When will you develop a skirmisher variant?"
 "The Blackbeak isn’t a good platform to develop lighter mechs." He replied, not even giving it a serious thought. "It’s a bit difficult but not impossible to develop a rifleman mech out of the base model, but I’m better off designing a dedicated skirmisher from scratch."
 "Oh. I guess you won’t be giving me a new mech any time soon then."
 "Don’t feel too bad for yourself. While I’m attracted to the idea of designing a rifleman mech, I’m not sure I’ll be up to the task."
 "What’s holding you back? I thought you knew a thing or two about laser weapons."
 That was an understatement considering that Ves even knew how to build a graser rifle.
 "The weapon isn’t the problem. It’s the musculature that’s an issue. Rifleman pilots demand exact control over the movements of their mechs. I haven’t taken these priorities into account when I designed the Blackbeak. So again, it’s better for me to come up with a new design than try to pigeonhole a knight into a rifleman."
 All of this went over Raella’s head. She quickly got bored of the topic and finished her drink. She threw away the container, which a spare cleaning bot deftly caught in the air before it could soil the floor.
 "Hey Ves, I’d like to ask you something."
 "What’s up?"
 "I’d like to take a few days off. Nothing happens in this boring dump anyway and all of those spooky assassins seem to have disappeared into nothing. So I’d like to take a trip to Bentheim to have some actual fun."
 Ves frowned at that. "I’m not too comfortable seeing you go out alone. Besides, we just visited Bentheim a short time ago."
 "That was for business, not for fun. The only thing I did was sit in my mech all day waiting for someone stupid enough to piss me off. Just let me go, please. Besides, I won’t be alone."
 "Is Melkor asking for leave as well?"
 "Nah, he’s a straight shooter who can stand guard at the same post for years on end if needed." Raella shook her head. "I already made some plans with someone else. You see, I’m kind of dating Dietrich right now..."
 Ves sat up straight at those words. "What?!"
 He eyed his cousin like she was an alien. "You’re dating the Little Boss? He’s not a very good influence! I thought you hated lowlives like him!"
 Raella held up her palms in a defensive manner. "Hey, he’s cool once you get to know him! He’s a great mech pilot and not like a country bumpkin at all, unlike most boys I’ve met on this farm planet."
 Ves was not in a mood to play the parent, but he didn’t want to leave it at that. Relationships with junior gang bosses had a tendency to entangle everyone close into a morass of intimidation and violence.
 "I don’t think the family will be glad to hear that. You know how they can get sometimes. We have a reputation to uphold!"
 "Screw reputation! The Larkinsons will keep being the squeaky-clean military dynasty without me then!"
 The argument devolved into a mindless back-and-forth that didn’t resolve anything. Ves gave up on convincing Raella, since he obviously couldn’t control her movements. "Look, if you want to go out with Dietrich, then go ahead, but please don’t go off and join Walter’s Whalers."
 "Hey, I’m not that stupid. It’s just a fling, man. Don’t look at me like I’m off to elope with him! Sheesh!" Raella flipped her purple-dyed hair and scampered off.
 He didn’t know what to do. While he liked Dietrich as a person, one day he’d be sure to inherit his father’s mantle. The buddy he knew may turn into someone he wouldn’t be able to recognize anymore.
 "Everyone changes over time."
 After taking the rest of the day off, Ves returned to work in order to prepare for his upcoming debut. His company had already prepared for his public debut for months, having contacted various news portals and noteworthy experts to attend his press conference.
 Every important manager in the company gathered in the conference room to report their preparations to Ves.
 "Around twenty different publications accepted the invitation to attend Michael Dumont’s debut." Gavin started to report. "Our goal is to surpass that number. However, the marketing department has found out that it’s very difficult to get them to send out their reporters unless we cut some deals with them. Their demands range from exclusive interviews to free mechs. Some publications even demand we hand over the first production model to them!"
 Ves was not amused. "I hope you refused those ridiculous demands."
 "We put them down as gently as possible. With the help of Marcella’s connections, we managed to secure the presence of at least fifteen different news portals and mech portals. They’re regional names, mostly. You won’t find any publication on the level of the Rimward Star Herald."
 "They interviewed me last time. Did you send them an invite?"
 "We did, but we only received a plain refusal. If I have to guess, they have bigger things on their plate than to cover some random Apprentice Mech Designer’s debut. Thousands of mech designers around the rim are holding their debuts every day. It’s too much to keep up with unless you already accumulated some fame like those direct disciples."
 Frankly, Ves thought the RSH was making a big mistake, as his Blackbeak possessed a lot of noteworthy qualities for a third-class design.
 "So do we have to spend more to get more publications to attend my press conference?"
 "That’s basically what it boils down to, boss. The reporters have to make a living too, you know. Don’t think for a second that an independent news portal exists. We either cough up the dough or resign ourselves to parading your new design to a collection of smaller news portals."
 "I’ve set a tentative marketing budget of 100 million credits. Can you cover the costs from that budget or do we need to shift more money around?"
 Gavin fell into silence as he weighed the costs against the benefits. "It’s only worth it to pay off the greedy publications if they have the audience to back up their big mouths. Not all of them have the viewership to support their boasts."
 "I’m sure you can sort that out. Let’s move on to marketing the Blackbeak. Fill me in on the plan."
 His publicist turned marketing manager pressed a switch that called up a projection of the timetable. "The Blackbeak is a very compelling design, especially when you see it in person. The goal of our marketing push is to introduce the Blackbeak to public and rely on word of mouth to propagate its existence, hoping to stir up demand in the private market. Our plan is split into three phases."
 Gavin briefly explained what the marketing people had come up with to make the Blackbeak famous.
 His debut came first. The LMC would carefully keep the Blackbeak under wraps and avoid leaking out its appearance, its specs or its defining properties.
 All the press would get to know for now was that Ves planned to announce a new offensive knight as his first original design. The marketing department wanted to rely on the wow factor to ignite the first round of buzz among the press.
 The second phase consisted of fabricating ten gold-label Blackbeaks and display them in public at various locations around Bentheim. Their enthralling appearances should be able to elicit a lot of curiosity from the crowd.
 "Wait a minute." Ves interrupted. "The plan sounds fine, but fabricating ten models without receiving compensation will drain my entire cash reserve. Does anyone know how much it costs to fabricate a single copy of the Blackbeak?"
 Someone dug up the latest figures. "It costs 41 million credits for us to fabricate a single mech. The internals take up 13 million credits in raw materials, while the armor system requires 26 million credits worth of exotics to construct. The remaining 2 million credits consists of per-unit licensing fees to various companies who developed the components the Blackbeak is using."
 Compared to the Caesar Augustus, the Blackbeak cost much less to produce, even with the recent level of price surges. It all had to do with his smart selection of components. Ves specifically licensed components that incorporated materials that the Republic could supply themselves.
 The LMC didn’t have to rely on expensive imports from distant star sectors to produce a single mech. That was one of the biggest advantages of designing your own mech.
 Ves knew of the power of the X-Factor. Even with a rating of C++, the physical copy exuded a magnetic pull that definitely halted traffic. Still, he sounded a little skeptical about its reach.
 "Ten models won’t be enough to cover the entirety of Bentheim, or even Dorum alone."
 "We don’t hold any ambitions to reach the entire public. We only want to feed the hype surrounding the Blackbeak. Once people start to see it on the streets, they’ll take recordings from their comms and send it to their friends and relatives."
 The third phase began after that. Once the marketing department thought they created enough of a buzz, they planned to release the virtual version of the Blackbeak onto the simulation games. Iron Spirit stood out the most, of course, but Gavin also suggested making it available to non-potentate games so that laymen could get a taste of the offensive knight as well.
 "Even if they’re never able to pilot our products themselves, they might recommend our product to someone with the right aptitude."
 This virtual release would be paired by a fairly extensive advertising campaign. Most of the marketing budget had been allocated to this phase. Working together with Marcella’s brokerage, they aimed to make the Blackbeak into a momentary sensation.
 "In the short term, we can rely on advertising to drive our product’s appeal. We don’t plan to keep this up for more than a month. After that, we can hopefully rely on positive word of mouth from our first customers to drive up demand. If not, we can always spend more."
 The plan sounded risky, but Ves understood their intentions. He only had one major problem with the plan. "We don’t have the liquidity to produce ten models at the snap of our fingers."
 The LMC generated a decent amount of revenue in the last few months, but their overhead also increased. At their current state, they’d come up short if they wanted to buy enough raw materials to fabricate ten complete models.
 "Why not ask Mrs. Bollinger to lend us the money?" Their relations officer suggested. Maisie Duval had been very busy keeping their various stakeholders in touch. "She already agreed to pledge 1.9 billion credits in marketing assistance, so she won’t hesitate to advance the necessary funds."
 "That’s a good idea! Contact her immediately after this meeting. She’ll be in charge of selling those mechs anyway, so it’s not like the money is lost forever."
 Like the first production model, the couple of mechs after that also held a lot of collector’s value. With her salesmanship, Marcella should be able to sell the first production run at extortionary prices.
 The rest of the meeting turned to logistics. Duval worked hard to establish a temporary but stable channel of exotics they needed to fabricate the Veltrex armor system. This insured that they wouldn’t be subjected to sudden supply cuts if they ramped up their production in the short term.
 "I’d like to emphasize that we haven’t established any long-term relationships with our current suppliers."
 "That’s fine. As long as they don’t jack up the price, we can afford to wait and wait for better offers."
 After the meeting, Ves kept staring at the cost projections. All of these elaborate plans called for lots of spendings. Everyone was in an upbeat mood after witnessing the final design. They treated it as a given that the Blackbeak would sell like hotcakes.
 Carlos noticed his friend lagging behind. "What’s up?"
 Ves didn’t feel so confident, however. "Will the market accept my design?"
 "This again? Ves, at your age, you’re one of the most talented mech designers in the Republic! The Havalax designed by that douchebag Dumont doesn’t even come close to the Blackbeak. Besides, even if the market doesn’t catch on yet, that’s what all the marketing is for. As long as you throw enough money at it, even the ugliest piece of junk can become a bestseller."
 That was easy for Carlos to say. He didn’t risk hundreds of millions of credits on a potentially futile venture. Ves shook his head and left his seat. He had some more preparations to make.
 Later that afternoon, Marcella agreed to send them a substantial advance. Combined with their existing cash reserves, they could easily afford the raw materials needed to fabricate ten Blackbeaks. After a few days wait, the shipment of materials arrived.
 This time, Ves accepted the assistance of others, though Ves still took the lead. Their frantic production and constant learning shortened the time to fabricate a single copy from three days to two days.
 They managed to fabricate five extra copies they could bring to the press conference. After the Blackbeak’s official unveiling, Ves planned to leave the copies behind to be shown off on the streets while he returned to finish the production run before doing anything else.
 As his workers packed up the mechs and sent them off to the convoy, Ves led a procession of senior management aboard the Barracuda. He planned to arrive at Bentheim ahead of the convoy shipments in order to prepare for his debut ceremony.
 Melkor and Lucky would be joining his security detail as usual.
 As for his niece, Ves constantly worried for her safety. Raella had already extended her ’few days off’ into a weeks-long hiatus into the underbelly of Bentheim with her new boyfriend in tow. He prayed to the heavens that Dietrich didn’t drag his excitable niece into something shady.
 The Barracuda deftly transitioned into FTL. Ves constantly worried what could go wrong as the time of his debut neared.
 Somehow, he didn’t think Dumont would let him announce a competitor to his Havelax without a challenge.
 "Dumont and the Ricklins have it out for me. If they’re aware of my intentions from the start, then they should have already prepared a response."
 Someone rang the bell in front of the entrance to his stateroom aboard the Barracuda.
 "Come in!" Ves called out.
 The armored hatch slid open and let in Melkor. Wearing his trademark visor, his nephew’s expression had always been hard to read.
 "What brings you to my office, cousin? Is it about Raella?"
 "Raella’s a big girl now. She can take care of herself." Melkor waved away his concerns. "I’m here for you right now. I’ve been hearing that you aren’t holding up so well these days. You’re letting your nerves get the best of you."
 Ves had to admit he fell into a hole of endless worry and consternation. He constantly came up with worst-case scenarios that threatened to ruin his debut and threaten his career.
 "Don’t you think mech pilots have it worse? Everytime we get deployed, we risk our deaths. Even those who man the security mechs assigned to routine patrols have to worry about madman trying to tear the whole place down. The galaxy isn’t safe."
 He understood Melkor’s underlying message. How many Mark II’s had the company sold all this time? Thirty? Fifty? More? Ves didn’t keep track of his customers anymore, but he guessed that most of them employed them as warmechs.
 The coming years of war would test his designs like nothing ever seen before. Not just the Mark II, but also the original Mark I could see a lot of combat. With the imminent introduction of the Blackbeak, Ves pushed even more mech pilots onto the battlefield with his creations.
 His face adopted a rueful smile. "So many mech pilots will struggle to survive. Who am I to lament about falling flat on stage? It’s not the end of the universe for me."
 Even though a poor debut had a depressing effect on the rest of his career, as long as he worked hard enough, he could eventually redeem himself. Even Jason Kozlowski turned into a respectable mech designer nowadays despite having released the bloated Caesar Augustus.
 The short talk woke Ves from his spiral of doubt and uncertainty. He thanked Melkor, who left once he did his job, and stood up from his seat to stare at a projection of the Blackbeak.
 "I have all of the ingredients to succeed. I’ll make sure you will get the recognition and use you deserve."
 His sixth sense fluttered a bit, indicating that the black phoenix had been paying attention. Ves found it interesting how the black phoenix would evolve once more models began to proliferate.
 The rules of the imaginary realm boggled his mind.
 From what he guessed, a single black phoenix king ruled over the entire BP-A-01 line, while paler duplicates of the imaginary entity occupied the individual mechs.
 These individual images possessed a growth element, so they grew over time, adapting to both their mech pilots and their shared experiences. This in turn fed back to the king of the mech line, allowing it to grow into an even more majestic creature that elevated the entire design to a higher level.
 "It’s going to require a lot of energy to accomplish such a thing, if something like that will happen at all." He suspected.
 His inclusion of a growth element in his design had far-reaching effects that he didn’t quite yet understood. His findings on the X-Factor only scratched the surface of what it could do.
 The only downside was that it took a long time for the fruits to bear. Ves had to debut the Blackbeak when the design had only just broken out of its shell. He felt apologetic about that.
 "Reality isn’t always so perfect. I have to work with what I got."
 He spent the rest of his journey preparing for the upcoming event. Through the galactic net, he coordinated with the marketing department on Cloudy Curtain and the envoys sent ahead to Bentheim. With the help of Marcella’s brokerage, they secured a suitable venue to show off all six current production models at once.
 "All of this is contingent upon the MTA approving the Blackbeak design for release." Gavin cautioned.
 Ves knew his design. There was no way it could get rejected. "The Quality Assurance Department won’t hold up our design. It’s nowhere near those crappy designs that some of my competitors slap together in a couple of weeks. We specifically tested the limits of the prototype at the testing grounds to catch any remaining flaws that the MTA could use as an excuse to disqualify its design."
 They did their due diligence. Some designers never even bothered to subject their mechs to any physical tests, thinking that the simulations would be lifelike enough to qualify.
 When the Barracuda finally touched down at the spaceport, Ves met a representative from the MTA’s QA Department. "Mr. Larkinson? We have a secure package for you."
 A couple of security officers in MTA uniforms proceeded to confirm his identity. Once they made sure that he wasn’t a body double, a robot, a clone or some brainwashed schmuck, the rep handed over a couple of fancy data pads.
 As the people from the MTA boarded their shuttle and left, Ves glanced over pads with apprehension. Everyone else gathered around him to stare at the gilded pads. Their ceremonial appearance made it clear that their contents contained an official judgement from the QA Department.
 "Open it up."
 He activated the first pad. It took a few seconds for them to get a grip on the cover letter of the only document in the pad.
 "...We are pleased to validate your submitted design, code name BP-A-01, as a battleworthy mech..."
 "...Your submitted design exceeds the minimum standards of quality set forth by our Quality Assurance Department. It has been deemed worthy enough to be added to our archives..."
 "...Your submitted design will be available for licensing as soon as it is commercially released. If your submitted design is not commercially exploited by any party, we will make your design available for licensing after one standard month..."
 "...Our appraisers have determined the value of a standard ten-year production license of your submitted design to be 3 billion bright credits. If you wish to dispute this estimate, you are free to lodge a formal objection..."
 "We did it!" Carlos yelled and raised his fist. "The MTA approved of our design!"
 Everyone held a miniature celebration. The last roadblock ahead of its introduction to the market had been cleared. Even if Ves expected the MTA to give out their stamp of approval, even he didn’t know for sure.
 "The Blackbeak’s license is worth only 3 billion credits." Ves sardonically said. "I don’t know whether to feel glad or insulted. The license for the Havalax is worth 3 billion credits as well."
 "Cheer up, Ves." Carlos clapped his back. "Even if they don’t recognize your mech is better, at least it’s in the same league."
 Vees didn’t think it likely that someone would license his design in the current generation. The huge sum mainly served as bragging rights.
 For a third-class mech design, a valuation of 3 billion credits wasn’t shabby at all. Ves sometimes heard of awful designs receiving a licensing value of only 500 million credits.
 In that regard, he did quite well, though he heard of some geniuses managing to achieve a value of 4 billion credits.
 "If I only had more time and better component licenses."
 Now that the Blackbeak officially entered the records and became an MTA-approved design, their preparations entered a fever pitch. Ves shuttled back and forth between Marcella’s brokerage and various offices in order to insure that nothing went wrong.
 In the meantime, his back office continued to persuade more publications to come and cover the press conference without throwing too much money at them. That had proven to be quite a challenge.
 Time passed in a blink, and the date of his debut had finally arrived. Ves woke up with all of his mental burdens gone. Somehow, he felt as if he already did his best.
 After a short breakfast, Ves joined up with his entourage and left for the venue of his debut. They reserved an upscale exhibition hall in downtown Dorum that other mech designers frequently used to introduce new designs.
 Beyond the palatial double doors, six gleaming Blackbeaks stood at a row behind the podium where Ves would make his speech.
 "Wow."
 Five of them stood just behind the first production model like an honor guard. All of their collective X-Factors resonated with each other to produce a remarkably strong aura that even took Ves aback.
 Carlos whispered in appreciation. "With mechs like these, who’s going to remember the Havalax?"
 "Indeed."
 Their view quickly cut off as a couple of bots covered the mechs with cloth. The bright white covers allowed spectators to get a glimpse of the silhouettes, which teased everyone’s imaginations.
 "Alright, folks! This is the big day! Let’s make sure it happens without incident!"
 Every preparation had already been made, but it didn’t hurt to check. The exhibition room had been spruced up with banners featuring the LMC’s iconic logo. Lucky meowed at the tall tapestries depicting a stylized version of himself longing atop a cartoonish cloud.
 "That’s you, buddy."
 "Meow!"
 His cat didn’t seem so pleased at his appearance in the logo. Ves may have gone a little too far in making him appear cute and innocent.
 "Oh come on, just look at that cute face of yours, with such big eyes you’ll surely be a hit with the ladies!"
 Lucky hissed and scampered off, not wanting to hear anymore nonsense from his owner. Ves merely shrugged his shoulders and went back to his final preparations. He already had a speech planned out which not only acknowledged his achievements, but also laid out a bold vision of the future.
 Half an hour before the start of the conference, the first reporters arrived with a fanfare of hovering recorder bots. The reporters already staked their places before podium, hoping to occupy the best positions for their bots to transmit the press conference to their employers.
 After that, security cleared a number of spectators. The LMC sent out a lot of invitations in the last couple of weeks. Those who decided to attend consisted mainly of industry insiders and previous customers.
 Besides the expected guests, Ves also decided to open up his conference to bystanders. Plenty of people who walked by the exhibition hall must be wondering what all the commotion was all about.
 This led to a fairly boisterous scene at the rear of the hall. Everyone pointed at the six covered mechs, hoping to get an early peak of what they hid underneath.
 Time went by until it reached local noontime. Conversations faded out as Ves stepped forth onto the stage. Garbed in his anti-grav clothes, he cut a sharp figure as a mech designer.
 "Welcome, everyone. Thank you for attending this press conference. Today, I will be introducing my first original design, a model which will revolutionize the way its pilots will be able to survive the coming battles!"
 Ves waved his hand and a projection appeared of the LMC’s logo. Lucky quietly meowed in objection at the back, but no one heard his complaints.
 "Let me begin by introducing my company. Founded on the quiet planet of Cloudy Curtain, the LMC aims to elevate the sleepy rural planet’s economy and bring more employment opportunities to its citizens. We already employ a substantial amount of mech technicians and office workers, and with the introduction of my upcoming design, I expect the company to expand even faster!"
 The projection shifted to footage of a large number of decisive historical battles. They all featured a number of iconic mechs that enthusiasts could recognize in their sleep.
 "You may be wondering what the LMC stands for. It’s short for Living Mech Corporation. I named my company this way because I believe that mechs are more than machines. With all the love and passion surrounding mechs, we don’t always appreciate their contribution to humanity."
 He raised his hand, pausing the projection to a fateful clash between two top-tier cutting-edge mechs.
 "Think about it. How many lives are depended upon mechs? The entire course of the galaxy is constantly shifting due to the tireless contribution of mechs of all shapes and colors. They deserve our appreciation, and the LMC is my way setting forth my principle that mechs can be alive as well!"
 "That’s a bold statement, Mr. Larkinson!" A reporter rudely interrupted his speech. "But we didn’t come here to be lectured about mechs! We know our business, so can you please move on to your new design?!"
 Ves maintained his smile before the cameras. The reporter happened to be representing The Republican Mech, one of the Bright Republic’s most widely read news portals on mechs.
 Instead of snapping back with a verbal quip, Ves snapped his fingers. The cloths clinging over the mechs suddenly moved away, revealing the Blackbeaks in their full splendor.
 "Is this what you wanted to see?"
 No matter how many times Ves showed off his hand-crafted mechs, he never got tired of their dumbstruck faces. The snappy reporter from The Republican Mech practically dropped his jaw as he experienced the full brunt of their overlapping auras.
 Nothing prepared his audience for this experience. Even those who witnessed his limited editions models at the Vintage Festival thought that Ves had could only achieve such results through herculean efforts.
 The Blackbeak models right in front of them proved them wrong. Though they consisted of limited-issue gold label mechs, their powerful X-Factor exuded so much impact that even bots might fizzle out for a nanosecond or two.
 "Impressed?" Ves asked the silent crowd. "This is just the start."
 He snapped his fingers again, causing the mechs to come online. Their eyes glowed menacingly red while the feather-shaped shoulder pauldrons glowed in various shades of grey while leaking out a faint trace of dark vapor.
 It took a lot of wrangling with the exhibition hall to pull off this stunt, but it had been worth it as the audience received a double whammy. Much like the rolling cape for the Marcus Aurelius, the miasma leaking off the Blackbeak drastically enhanced its visual presence.
 The gloomy tones of black and grey made it look like the Blackbeak had emerged from the depths of the underworld to haunt the living in an inexorable march. The sword and shield affixed to their arms added an additional feeling of threat, and the phoenix-themed engravings on their surface only reinforced the myth.
 "This is the Blackbeak BP-A-01, an offensive knight mech I’ve designed as the culmination of my experiences and insights into knights." Ves declared in front of the still-stunned crowd. His words served to pull them back from their fascination and hang onto his words. "It is a design that embodies the will to survive by any means possible!"
 A new ensemble of projections appeared. They consisted of highly realistic combat simulations that showcased the Blackbeak’s performance under a variety of conditions.
 In one projection, the Blackbeak dueled against a swordsman mech. The latter mech had the edge in power and speed, but its sword failed to circumvent the Blackbeak’s moon-shaped phoenix shield. The offensive knight grinded down the hapless swordsman mech over the course of a couple of minutes.
 Another projection showed the Blackbeak as the forward element of a long-ranged deep-strike squad. They encountered a hostile patrol of defending mechs and became entangled in a fight. The Blackbeak showcased its defensive prowess by enduring a withering barrage of long-ranged fire with its shield and its armor. The Veltrex armor system held up long enough for the squad to gain a decisive edge.
 Yet another scenario proved to be the most compelling. It showed a time-lapse of the mech being used in a low-intensity war. Each time the Blackbeak deployed on the battlefield, it gained additional scars and battle damage. Each time it returned to a workshop, the mech technicians fixed it up with ease.
 Such a sequence of events didn’t sound so interesting, but it kept repeating over and over. The battlefields changed, the allies it fought alongside changed, but the Blackbeak remained the same, bar a few choice customizations it picked up along the way. Over the years, the frequent cycle of deployments and repairs had morphed the original model into a formidable beast.
 The Blackbeak evolved over time. Rather than degrading due to faltering integrity and heavy wear-and-tear, the mech’s robust internals allowed it to soldier on. Just when you thought it reached the point of no return, the mech technicians figured out a way to keep it running.
 "Featuring the leading second-class Keltrex armor system, the Blackbeak is a formidable knight that is capable of withstanding enormous amounts of punishment without flinching. Its lean construction along with the revolutionary Trailblazer engine delivers performance on par with Coalition mechs but at the fraction of the cost."
 The scenarios faded out and a simplified wireframe schematic appeared over Ves. The lines denoting armor system and the engine blinked in green for a moment before he addressed the other components.
 "The fuel-based power reactor runs on medium-density mech grade fuel, enabling the Blackbeak to operate on the field for an extended amount of time before requiring resupply. The design’s overall energy efficiency is top-notch, and it will take substantial effort to force the Blackbeak to run out of fuel."
 "The energy cells are optimized to carry medium-density fuel and can withstand a lot of punishment before they break. There is almost no chance of explosion since the mech is programmed to eject any fuel cells if their integrity is at risk."
 "The artificial musculature is of a highly durable make, and is meant to last under substantial abuse..."
 "The cockpit is a safe design that features additional armor and enhanced ejection systems..."
 "The second-class ECM will dominate most other targeting systems on the battlefield..."
 "The embedded shovel integrated in its back can be detached and used as an impromptu entrenching tool..."
 Ves ran down the specs one by one. The second-class components impressed the crowd the most. Even the industry insiders found it noteworthy that a young Apprentice Mech Designer got his hands on so many quality licenses. They already started to change their appraisals of Ves, figuring he gained substantial backing from his Master or some other wealthy patron.
 Meanwhile, the spectators standing behind the reporters and the distinguished guests remained rooted to the ground. Only half of them understood the jargon, but it didn’t take a mech expert to understand the Blackbeak represented something special.
 The extensive blending of Coalition tech with Republican practicality delivered a package that performed like a champ but kept its costs under control.
 "A major issue with mechs that incorporates a lot of second-class components is that they’re expensive! They often required expensive imports of rare exotics if they need to be built or repaired."
 The crowd nodded in agreement. Such mechs suffered from inflated price tags and ruinous maintenance costs.
 "The Blackbeak doesn’t suffer from that problem! I’m a Republican mech designer at heart, and I know what you want. I went above and beyond to insure that all of the highest performing components can be sourced from within the borders of the Bright Republic!"
 Throughout his speech, Ves set forth the Blackbeak’s value proposition. It had been designed from the start to grow alongside its owners and users over a grueling conflict that everyone had been worrying about in recent times.
 The specter of the latest Bright-Vesia War loomed over them like the Blackbeaks casting their shadows over the audience right at this moment. Hard times were coming and only a durable could see them through.
 "What you are witnessing are the Living Mech Corporation’s exclusive premium line-up of mechs. We will be selling at least three different lines, two of which consists of a basic silver label edition and a higher-quality gold label edition that’s been hand-fabricated by myself. The mechs standing behind me consists of the latter, so you already know what you can get."
 A guest that looked like a wealthy collector raised his hand. "When can we buy a mech?"
 "Good question, sir." Ves clapped his hands, summoning up a pricing table for his new design. "Starting from now, the LMC will be taking orders for the first production run of twenty-five gold label Blackbeaks on a first-come, first serve basis at the exclusive price of 80 million credits a piece. Subsequent production runs of the gold label edition Blackbeaks will be priced at 75 million credits, so if you are tight on credits, then it’s best to wait!"
 "Does this include the first production model?"
 "The first production model is a mech that carries an inordinate amount of value. As a result, it’s scheduled for auction at a later point in this year."
 Who was he kidding. Ves wanted to hold on to the first copy because the design had only just started to pick up hype. If he auctioned it out right now, he’d be lucky to get 100 million credits. If he held onto it for half a year or more, he’d likely be able to jack up the price to 200 million credits or more.
 Ves even considered keeping the model for himself, but he threw that idea away. Besides his display models, each of his mechs had been built to serve their purpose in the hands of his customers.
 Whether they employed them on the battlefield or paraded them in front of guests, his buyers brought meaning to his products. Only in the hands of others did his mech fulfill their intended purpose.
 "When will your more affordable silver edition mechs be available?"
 "They will go on sale as soon as the first production run is finished, which will take a month or two. The silver label Blackbeaks will be sold for 60 million credits. Do note that the silver label designs will feature cleaner appearances in order to achieve these cost savings."
 "Are they worse than the gold mechs?"
 "They deliver the exact same performance as the gold label mechs. Both of them are near-identical designs and are made out of the same raw materials, so if you are looking for the maximum amount of benefit for the lowest cost, then the silver label Blackbeak is a compelling choice."
 Ves answered a large number of questions from the reporters and the industry experts. Sometimes, their questions cut very deep.
 "Mr. Larkinson, your design looks too good to be true. There’s got to a catch, right? What are the weak points of your mech?"
 "I have never claimed to have designed the perfect mech." Ves tried to laugh, though he couldn’t hide the awkwardness in his voice. "If I can name the most obvious weakness of the Blackbeak, it’s that it isn’t supplied with a ranged weapon! As a purely melee-oriented design, the Blackbeak isn’t suitable for any form of marksmanship."
 Some of the people in the audience wanted to pound his head. Who couldn’t tell that a knight sucked at shooting? Stating something like that was as obvious as telling people that grass was green!
 When he saw that the crowd didn’t take his answer well, Ves relented a bit. "Okay, the Blackbeak is a design that’s optimized to run all day, but it comes with only average heat-shunting capabilities. We do not recommend the Blackbeak to be deployed in places that limit heat-venting even further such as vacuum or high-heat environments."
 "How well will its defenses fare compared to a defensive knight? Can it be employed to replace a defensive knight entirely?"
 "The Veltrex armor system covering the shield and the frame is fully suitable to absorb impacts and shocks. That said, the Blackbeak is not intended to be employed as a low-mobility mech. Mech pilots will only bring out its full strength if they take advantage of its considerable mobility."
 Ves addressed a few other difficult questions like that. He always managed to reply in a similar vein using a circuitous answer that allowed him to avoid leaving behind a record of saying something bad about his mech.
 By understating the weaknesses and emphasizing the strengths that resulted from proper use of his design, Ves painted a rosy picture of his mech as the ultimate high-mobility knight. It could fit in nearly every squad composition and could even serve as a decent solo unit.
 Just when he thought he could breeze through the rest of the press conference, a commotion sounded out at the entrance of the hall. The double doors slammed open as a young man stampeded past the cowed security guards.
 "Heya, Ves! What’s going on!? You’re introducing a new design? Why didn’t you invite me!"
 "Hello, Michael. It’s good to see you. Shouldn’t you be busy selling your own mech right now?"
 "Oh, my company is already taking care of it. The Havalax is selling like hotcakes! I’ve sold more than a hundred copies so far in the first month alone!" Michael Dumont grinned like a shark. "You’ve got to step up your game, Ves. How can you still call yourself a mech designer if you’re only able to deliver half the amount of mechs in double the amount of time?"
 "I put quality above quantity. The first production run is entirely produced from my hand, because unlike you, I’m not too lazy to wander into someone else’s party."
 Michael dropped his grin as he struggled to hold in his fury. "I didn’t come here to celebrate with you. I came here to issue a challenge. You see, we both designed an offensive knight, and we both released them in the same market. As far as I’m concerned, the market isn’t big enough for the both of us. Let’s say we duel it out."
 The gauntlet had been thrown, but Michael hadn’t been content with that alone.
 "Let’s spice it up while we’re at it! Like you, I’m also hanging on to my first production model. Rather than letting them collect dust in some warehouse, why not have them duke it out?"
 The stakes had been raised.
 Out of several possibilities his competitor could choose to go with, Dumont chose to go with the classic design duel. When two mech designers had a beef, they let the strengths of their mechs do the talking.
 In truth, Ves had brainstormed several ways that Dumont could retaliate against him with his team. They came up with possibilities, such as price dumping, regulatory harassment, industrial sabotage and more.
 A design duel had been well within specifications. The only snag was that Dumont conditioned his challenge by setting forth his first production model. Considering the brisk sales of his Havalax design, his first mech already accumulated an enormous amount of value.
 More than risking a huge chunk of potential cash, the duel also put their reputation at stake. Nobody among the crowd could say whether one design was superior over the other. Both the Havalax and the Blackbeak designs had their own merits. Some would argue that they didn’t even compete in the same space.
 Yet the prospect of a rivalry at play triumphed over logic. A few bystanders already started to egg Ves on. "Fight! Fight! Fight!"
 The pressure mounted on Ves to accept the duel.
 "I already reserved an arena, so you don’t have to go to the trouble of arranging a venue." Dumont added. "Five days from now, there’s an open time slot in the match between the Dorum Velvet Fists and the Haston Grease Monkeys. We’ll get to prove the worth of our designs in front of a full crowd of mech fans!"
 It must have cost him quite a bit of money to arrange such a highly-valued slot. Ves mulled over the offer for any traps. The mech arena shouldn’t be able to get away with any tricks, but who could tell if they did?
 "I’ll only accept if there’s official MTA representation."
 Dumont waved his hand dismissively. "Fine!"
 Requesting the presence of an agent of the MTA didn’t come cheap, but it insured that nothing funny went on. If Dumont or the arena operators tried to cheat in any way, then the MTA would come down hard on their heads.
 As the challenger, Dumont was obliged to pay for it all, which saved Ves a lot of trouble since his company’s liquidity didn’t look all that great. Ves also had the privilege of setting some additional conditions such as the duel environment and the pilot criteria.
 Ves chose to go with the most advantageous circumstances for himself. "I want the dueling ground to consist of rocky terrain with plenty of line-of-sight breaks."
 His Blackbeak excelled in dragging out the fight while the Havalax sought to end the duel as quickly as possible. By making the terrain as difficult as possible, the pilot of the Blackbeak would be able to extend the pursuit.
 "Fine, but don’t think you can run away all match. I don’t think the public will appreciate a mech that can only stand a chance by acting like a coward!"
 "As for who will drive our mechs, let’s set the bar to advanced pilots no older than thirty years old."
 "Agreed."
 Advanced pilots could be found everywhere. If Ves didn’t set such a condition, Dumont might have been able to persuade a rare expert pilot to fight in his stead. He set a relatively low age limit in order to prevent him from finding some grizzled war veteran who could pull of dozens of tricks in quick succession.
 By posing all these limits, Ves made the duel more dependent on the machine rather than the person. He had faith in the quality of his Blackbeak and strongly believed in its performance despite the naysayers.
 They hashed a few conditions before Dumont left in a confident whirl. He already accomplished his purpose, so there was no need to stick around anymore.
 The impending design duel spoiled the rest of the press conference. Ves noticed that most of the reporters briefly notified their editors about the sudden challenge. The spell of had been broken, and nothing could pull them back into his trap.
 Ves decided to wrap up his press conference.
 "Thank you for attending, and I will see you five days from now at the arena!"
 Word spread quickly. The duel between two young promising Apprentice Mech Designers should be one of the more exciting events that took place next week.
 The constant hype surrounding their rivalry didn’t peak the interest of every mech fanatic, but it definitely raised their profiles. Both the Havalax and the Blackbeak received a surge of free publicity.
 Many publications that had snubbed the invitation to attend the Blackbeak’s unveiling must be feeling green with regret right now.
 News portals such as The Republican Mech published bold-faced headlines accompanied with high-quality footage of the confrontation between the two designers. Even if they went a bit too far with their creative editing, the dramatized retelling of that day served to put their designs to the forefront of the news.
 "We’ve already sold out our first production run!" Gavin exclaimed as he met Ves at a private dining hall in a hotel next morning. "Our buyers are practically knocking down Marcella’s doors right now. We had to limit our sales to one copy per customer. Demand is through the roof!"
 "The free publicity is nice, but it’s only a temporary phenomenon." Ves pointed out while eating his breakfast. "Whoever admits defeat in the upcoming duel will see their demand crater overnight. No one wants to buy a mech associated with failure."
 The worst thing about the duel was that the format favored the Havalax. The raw specs didn’t lie and the Blackbeak’s advance in endurance would never be able to come into play in a duel that only lasted thirty minutes at most.
 In hindsight, the Blackbeak made for a very poor dueling mech, while the Havalax practically thrived in these circumstances.
 "Do we have a pilot lined up?"
 "I have someone in mind." Ves leisurely replied as he moved on to drinking his cup of tea. "There’s a reason why I set the age limit to thirty."
 The door to the dining hall slid open to allow the entry of a familiar face.
 "Good morning Ves!"
 "Melinda! Good to see you again. I didn’t want to call you up for this, but I really need your help."
 Melinda Larkinson took a seat at the table and poured herself some tea. She dressed casually this time, but her powerful movements and predatory expression couldn’t hide the fact that she was a mech pilot. "Who’s this?"
 "That’s Gavin, he’s in charge of marketing. We were just discussing some business before you arrived."
 "Your mech business must be doing well." She remarked. "You’re practically the talk of the town! Ticket prices for the match between the Velvet Fists and the Grease Monkeys have tripled overnight. Even the VIP rooms are fully booked!"
 The mech duel attracted a lot of interest due to hype. Most people probably didn’t know too much about Ves or Dumont. They just wanted to witness a historic rivalry between two similarly talented mech designers.
 Ves started to compose himself. "About that. Melinda, out of all the cousins I know who are here in the Bentheim region, you’re the only one who’s proficient in piloting knights. I’d like to ask you to be my champion for the upcoming duel."
 The entire room plunged into silence. Even Gavin almost spurted out his coffee. He expected Ves to tap a professional mech athlete, or some kind of elite academy graduate.
 "Why me?"
 "Because I trust you. Because you’re a Larkinson. Because you’re both."
 He didn’t need to say anything more. As a Larkinson himself, he knew how much the family prized their potentates. Every Larkinson with the aptitude to become a mech pilot had received a vigorous amount of training from the start. The family ensured that every Larkinson began their piloting careers with a solid foundation along with a couple of fully developed specialties.
 For example, Raella excelled in piloting skirmishers and light mechs, while Melkor turned into a killing machine if he piloted a rifleman. Besides hard work, much of what they accomplished could be attributed to the training they received from the family.
 Melinda looked dead-serious now as she weighed the offer carefully. "I’m not too sure about this. Sure, I know a thing or two about knights, but I’m more of an all-rounder than a dedicated knight pilot. Law enforcement mechs are a whole different beast, you know!"
 Ves still remembered the mech she piloted when she rescued him from an assassination attempt. Her law enforcement mech consisted of an aerial hybrid knight that exchanged a sword for a fluid projector.
 "It’s not a bad thing if you’re not a pure knight pilot. The Blackbeak is an offensive knight, so it performs at its best if you take advantage of its mobility. It’s still a knight, but it’s got several things in common with more agile knights like skirmisher mechs."
 No matter who he approached, Ves still wanted to persuade Melinda to take up his cause. She was family, and family was meant to stick together.
 "This is a lot to take in, you know." Melinda breathed deeply. "I’m not a stranger of duels, but the stakes are awfully high. How much money is at stake?"
 Ves gestured to Gavin, who supplied the latest estimate. "The first production model alone can be worth as much as 300 million credits if you manage to win. Collectors are willing to throw money at any mech that carries such a great piece of history!"
 "Sheesh, Ves! You’re sticking me into a mech worth 300 million? Why not deposit a few billion credits in my cockpit while you’re at it!"
 "Actually, Miss Melinda, the outcome of the duel has far-ranging effects on the demand of the Blackbeak model. If we win, we can expect strong sales to deliver additional revenue the tune of two or three billion credits over the next year. If we lose, we’ll be lucky if we can get the production line running at all..."
 All of this piled more weight onto Melinda’s shoulders. She had never been made responsible over so much potential gains and losses in her life. Her face turned numb at the dizzying amount of money being bandied amount.
 "My salary is only around 200,000 credits a year. I really don’t know, Ves. I’m a decent pilot when I’m on assignment for the Planetary Guard, but I’ve never performed in front of the entire Republic. Do you know how many fans are tuning in to the match between the Fists and the Monkeys? That’s one of the most popular dueling teams in the Republic! And I’m going to be showing off my skills in their half-time break!"
 Obviously, Melinda couldn’t handle the pressure like a seasoned mech athlete. Ves wished that Raella hadn’t wandered off with Dietrich, because he could sure use some help in reassuring his cousin.
 "Competing in public is not that scary when you’re good. I know you’re good. Think about it as an opportunity to wave the flag for the family. Show the Republic what a Larkinson can do! If you win the match, you’ll not only help me sell more mechs, but you’ll also boost the careers of every Larkinson in active duty!"
 When Ves joined the family’s Steering Committee and attended their annual meeting, he learned that one of the family’s priorities was supporting the careers of their younger mech pilots.
 Many of his nephews and nieces joined the Mech Corps with dreams of making it big. It took a lot of money and effort to distinguish themselves from the other talents in their units.
 "Consider this as well." Ves continued. "The Larkinson Estate owns twenty-five percent of my company. A win will directly boost my company’s earnings, to the point where the family will potentially earn billions of credits in dividends down the line. Think of what the family can do with all of that money. We can increase the pensions for the widowers and provide better training for the young."
 Not every Larkinson prioritized giving back to the family, but Melinda showed signs that she was receptive to the idea. She owed a lot to the family.
 " I’m even willing to give you a fair share of what we gained. Have you ever thought about moving into a glitzy penthouse in the middle of downtown Dorum? I can pay for all of that."
 This time, Melinda didn’t hesitate any longer. "Okay, deal! I’ll do it! I’ll pilot your damn mech in front of a circus! Just get me that penthouse!"
 As the center of landbound mechs in the Republic, Bentheim featured a lot of mech arenas. Ves himself had witnessed the famous Leviticus vanquishing over another opponent at a privately-run mech coliseum. That enormous venue only found enough space to operate by setting up at the outskirts of Dorum.
 Their upcoming design duel took place at a massive stadium operated by Bentheim’s local government. Its central arena took up the same amount of space as the domed arena he visited at Moira’s Paradise.
 Ves entered the chamber that held the first production model of the Blackbeak. The mech looked as pristine as ever, courtesy of the mech technicians scouring over its surface right now.
 In the days since Melinda accepted to duel in his stead, a lot had changed.
 The lack of major events at this time prompted many publications to blow up the rivalry between Ves and Dumont. They turned a minor scuffle between competitors into the battle of the century.
 All of this raised the profile of their mechs. Interest in the Blackbeak surged, with many laymen clamoring to pilot its virtual version. Ves vetoed the release of the virtual model, as he didn’t wish to let his competitors study his design.
 Although its specs had already been published, that was different from getting a solid feel for the mech. Any decent mech designer could easily spot a dozen weak points in any design if they spent at least an hour with any random design.
 Dumont must have gotten a good glimpse already when he issued his challenge, so Ves had already fallen behind.
 On the other hand, the Havalax had already started selling. While Dumont withheld the virtual version to the public, footage of the Havalax in action already started to appear on the galactic net.
 This, along with other articles published over the last month provided Ves with a wealth of information on his competitor’s design.
 While he tried to figure what made the Havalax tick, Melinda trained with the Blackbeak as if her life depended on it. She applied for leave at the Planetary Guard and moved full-time into his first production model. The only time she left the mech was when she had to sleep or wanted to practice her more advanced maneuvers in a simulation.
 Currently, Melinda sat at a nearby table and held her head in her hands.
 "Are you ready to go on stage?"
 Melinda groaned at his question. "How full is the arena?"
 "It’s completely packed. There’s more than half a million spectators out here. Win or lose, you’re bound to become a celebrity."
 "Yippy." She replied flatly. "You know, my comm has been flooded with messages from our fellow cousins. They’re all envious as hell that I’m able to display my skills in front of so many people. I bet they’ll sing a different tune if they’re in my place."
 "Melinda, it’s going to be fine. You’ve been spending a lot of hours inside the cockpit. Have you gotten a good feel for the Blackbeak."
 This time, she released a brief smile. "I don’t know how you did it, but your creation is one of the smoothest mechs I’ve ever piloted! It’s like I’m donning a second skin, but larger. Best of all, it doesn’t have any of the pet peeves that ruin my day!"
 Experiencing the full majesty of a gold label mech was a unique experience. Melinda practically broadened her perspective on how far a mech could go to deliver an immersive piloting experience. The strong X-Factor in the Blackbeak’s frame resonated within her bones each time she interfaced with the mech.
 In addition, Ves applied everything he learned from acquiring his initial mastery into knights. Ves noted everything that Barley had grown frustrated about and made sure those elements didn’t show up in his own design. This smoothed out the piloting experience and enabled Melinda to focus more on beating her opponent and less on trying to make her machine move as she willed.
 Ves glanced up at the clock. "The last duel between the Velvet Fists and the Grease Monkeys before the break should almost be ending. If you’re still having second thoughts, you can still back out now. Some of my underlings brought a couple of replacement pilots, you see."
 "That won’t be necessary." She shook her head. "I’m used to the first production model, and it’s gotten used to me as well. You can’t replace me at this point, not if you want your Blackbeak to perform at its best."
 He shrugged. "Very well, then. Don’t forget that you are risking your life out there on the field. If the duel is heading into an awful direction, don’t hesitate to concede. I don’t want you to risk your life just to drive more sales for my mechs. I can always figure something out if that happens, but there’s no way for me to revive you from the dead."
 "I’m not Jackknife Jake, Ves. I know my limits. In the Planetary Guard, we learned how much we can push a mech."
 Minutes went by until the faint commotion above faded out. The latest duel must have come to a conclusion. An arena guide appeared from a side entrance.
 "Mr. Larkinson, time is up. Please come with me. Lieutenant Larkinson, please enter the cockpit. Your mech will be lifted onto the arena as soon as we rearrange its terrain."
 "Roger that."
 The arena personnel guided Ves up a lifter platform which brought him out in the open. The recorders zoomed in on his face.
 "Up next is one of our Republic’s homegrown mech designers, a superstar who emerged out of nowhere! Give it up for the nerdy half of the Larkinson duo, Ves Larkinson!"
 Ninety percent of the spectators had never heard of him before. Even if they caught a glimpse of his designs, the kind of people who attended mech duels cared more about the people piloting the mechs than the designers who made the machines.
 Nevertheless, that didn’t diminish the momentary enthusiasm of the crowd. With all the hype surrounding this duel, its anticipation had surpassed the outcome of the match they originally came to attend. The Velvet Fists and the Grease Monkeys had completely turned into sideshow characters at this moment.
 The lifter platform reached at an elaborate open tribune. Despite its size, only two seats had been placed at the center. Michael Dumont already sat at the seat to the left, leaving Ves to take the one on the right.
 "Ves."
 "Michael."
 They didn’t exchange any other words. At this point, no amount of talk would change anything. Both of them let the minutes tick by in silence until arena finished its reorganization of the dueling grounds.
 It was a wonder to witness how effortlessly the battleground morphed from a plain tiled surface to a decent imitation of a rocky canyon. Large amounts of rocks, cliffs and other debris carted in from below and cluttered up the field until it became impossible to see the other end of the arena from ground level.
 Once the arena finished its rearrangement, the mechs started to appear.
 "First to enter the stage is Michael Dumont’s Havalax! Coated in resplendent white, this offensive knight can run as hard as it can hit! While it possesses a decent set of armor, the Havalax excels in hacking down its opposition through unrelenting aggression! Armed with both a sword and a handaxe, the Havalax has a plethora of offensive options to dismantle anything in its way!"
 A projection of the mech pilot appeared over the sky. Ves took one look at the man’s uniform before his face began to fall.
 "Piloting the Havalax on behalf of Dumont is Captain Jaimie Vicar! Captain Vicar is one of the greatest talents to emerge from the Republic in recent times, and he has won a number of prestigious awards before the Mech Corps snapped him up! Nowadays, he leads his own unit as the youngest captain in our homegrown 3rd Infernal Hellhounds Regiment!"
 Captain Vicar’s handsome face and curvy blond hair made him a hit among the ladies, who all started to shriek like they lost all of their intelligence. Ves didn’t care about that, but he did grow worried about Vicar’s capabilities.
 The Mech Corps held themselves to a higher standard than the Planetary Guard. They recruited the best of the best and anyone who reached the rank of captain at such a young age must be someone with a lot of promise. At the very least, the Mech Corps must be feeling hopeful that Captain Vicar had a decent chance of advancing to expert pilot someday.
 The Blackbeak appeared next. Unlike the Havalax, the Blackbeak’s strong X-Factor and dark appearance caused the crowd to grow a little muted. Even though they saw a couple of projections of the models in ads and promotions, it was different now that they encountered it in person.
 "Emerging from beneath is the inventively-named Blackbeak! It’s an offensive knight that’s made for war! Featuring top-notch endurance and a running time that lasts for days, it’s the perfect mech to deploy if you wish to drive the Vesians mad! Mr. Larkinson has promised that the Blackbeak is a mech that will grow with its pilot and is able to last an entire war. Hyperbole or not, the Blackbeak makes for a striking sight!"
 Compared to Vicar’s enthusiastic reception, the crowd reacted with considerable less attention when Melinda began to be profiled. The announcers briefly went over the highlights of her career, which wasn’t much considering she spent much of her time in training or walking the beat in a rather boring law enforcement mech. Still, no matter how plain her biography looked, it didn’t detract from the sheer amount of time and effort Melinda put into her training.
 The two mechs approached the center of the complex battlefield until they were ten seconds apart. Formal duels of this nature mandated that the mechs had to be within line of sight from the start.
 A number of inspection bots bearing the logo of the MTA started to scour the battlefield and the mechs. The delegation from the MTA occupied a different platform just above the heads of Ves and Dumont. Even though the projections didn’t introduce them in any way, their presence was very much felt due to their reputation alone.
 The bots cleared the arena once they failed to detect any signs of foul play.
 "Let the duel commence in ten seconds!"
 A timer counted down from ten.
 Ves gripped the handholds of his seat. It felt frustrating to sit so far away while parading out his favorite niece to fight in his stead. He knew how dangerous a dual could turn out. Even though a duel between knights rarely led to fatalities due to their considerable defensive prowess, a single stab of a sword could puncture right through a cockpit if the chest armor had been weakened.
 "Please don’t go too far, Melinda. Just endure the opening moves. Don’t try anything fancy."
 The countdown ticked down to zero, and the duel officially commenced!
 "FOR THE HELLHOUNDS!" The Havalax’s speakers broadcasted in the air. The white mech immediately sprinted forward with its kite shield up in front. It aimed to close the gap to the Blackbeak with its superior speed.
 Melinda kept her cool. She knew the Blackbeak couldn’t run as fast as the Havalax, but she ran anyway in order to force her opponent to burn through its energy cells. The more the Havalax expended its power, the sooner its reserves ran out.
 n response, the Havalax started to overload its systems, putting a lot of strain on them in exchange for a momentary surge. Captain Vicar decided to start the engagement with an axe, having sheathed the sword behind the Havalax’s back.
 Once his mech reached the lagging Blackbeak, it began to bash with its shield while simultaneously chopping its target from above.
 The Blackbeak turned at the last moment and absorbed the shield bash with its own moon-shaped shield. As for the axe strike, it only managed to put up a hasty guard with its sword, which clearly didn’t fare well against the power behind the offensive weapon.
 The Blackbeak’s sword arm strained to absorb the impact, allowing the Havalax to slip in a low kick that destabilized the black mech’s footing. This opened up the Blackbeak to another attack!
 Melinda immediately faced a crisis!
 She knew it was a bad idea. Yet her obligation to her family and her friendship with Ves urged her to step up and make the Republic remember the glory of the Larkinsons.
 The amount of people flocking to the arena made her falter a bit. Melinda had never been shy, but that didn’t mean she felt eager to embarrass herself in front of a crowd of half-a-million spectators. If that wasn’t bad enough, the entire match would be broadcasted to billions of viewers watching at home.
 One misstep and she would never live it down for the rest of her life.
 "Is this what mech athletes have to go through?"
 She found poor comfort in her cousin, who kept blabbing on about the strengths and weaknesses of the Havalax. As if she cared about those details.
 The only thing she needed to know was that the Havalax possessed a lot of strength but couldn’t keep it up. She merely had to outlast it with her Blackkbeak, which unfortunately struggled to match up to the Havalax’s power.
 Strangely enough, every time she interfaced with the Blackbeak, her doubts and worries faded away like they never existed. It was as if she was a little girl who returned to the embrace of her father.
 The mech enveloped her mind and elevated it into an invisible network at the heart of the mech she controlled. Melinda had never had the pleasure of piloting a mech that treated her like a queen. Most other mechs she came in touch with treated her intrusion like an unwanted house guest.
 "It’s as if these mechs aren’t made to be controlled by someone else."
 It sounded crazy to hold such an outlandish opinion. Yet the difference became stark when she began to grow accustomed to the Blackbeak’s welcoming embrace. Her nephew’s mech simply possessed some kind of charm that revolutionized her piloting experience.
 "Are all mechs that are worth 300 million credits like this, or is it just me?"
 She felt regretful that she had to bid the Blackbeak farewell after the duel. She had warmed up to the first production model, and wished she was as loaded as her cousin. "I should have asked for this mech instead of a penthouse."
 The floor suddenly started to lift the Blackbeak onto the arena. Melinda cut short her musings and shifted her focus back to her mech. She tested out the movements of her mech, finding the Blackbeak to be as responsive as a second skin. Nothing appeared to be broken. Ves made sure that her mech was in its best state possible.
 Once her mech arrived at the center of the arena, Melinda didn’t even flinch at all of the yelling and name-calling. The crowd meant nothing to the Blackbeak, so Melinda followed suit and tuned them out.
 Her console chirped as her mech received a private communications request from the mech opposite to hers. Melinda shook out of her mantra and opened the channel.
 "Miss Larkinson. It’s a pleasure to meet you." Captain Vicar greeted her with his annoyingly attractive voice. "It’s a shame to meet as opponents instead of colleagues. I have a lot of respect for the Bentheim Planetary Guard. It must have been hard to keep our planet in line."
 "Not as hard as taking the fight to the BLM." Melinda coolly replied. She tried not to let her fangirl instincts get the better of her. "Did you participate in one of the assaults?"
 "I did. The rebels put up a poor fight in one of their asteroid bases. For a movement that pretends to be strong enough to fight off the Republic, they sure didn’t last very long when pressed into a corner. But anyway, I didn’t open this channel to talk about old times. I just wanted to apologize to you."
 "For what?"
 "For beating your mech into a pulp!"
 The countdown to the duel reached zero. The Havalax stormed forward at a rapid pace, catching Melinda off-guard. Her short flight backwards didn’t prevent Captain Vicar from reaching her mech before she could get away.
 The channel between their mechs remained open. "No offense to you, Miss Larkinson, but you don’t stand a chance!"
 Melinda gritted her teeth as she desperately fended off another chop of the Havalax’s axe. "That’s Lieutenant Larkinson to you!"
 The axe was a supremely offensive weapon that transferred a lot of force with every swing. Melinda tried to redirect the force at an angle to prevent her sword and shield from chipping away, but Captain Vicar moved too quickly for her to adjust.
 The damage quickly piled up. The axe bit into the Blackbeak’s moon-shaped phoenix shield, parting the laser-resistant upper layer like a knife through butter. It encountered much more resistance from the middle layer, but each subsequent hack degraded the integrity of the armor, especially when the Havalax kept focusing on the same narrow area.
 "Have to disengage!" She reminded herself, and tried to work together with her mech to push the Havalax back.
 Melinda utilized her excellent control over the Blackbeak to shift the mech to the side. Her mech raised its shield to absorb the next attack square against the shield. A deep trench had been carved into the shield, but the Blackbeak successfully managed to bounce away from the murderous Havalax.
 "You’re not getting away so easily!"
 The Havalax raised its power back to full and thundered after the fleeing Blackbeak. This time, Melinda paid attention to her environment. She guided her mech towards a large pile of rocks. While a mech could brush one or two aside, the sheer number of obstacles posed a significant threat if it wanted to straight through.
 Her connection with the Blackbeak heightened as she took in all of the sensor input of her mech and processed them in a way that allowed her to keep track of the Blackbeak’s footing. The black mech possessed enough responsiveness and flexibility to navigate the field of rocks without losing too much speed.
 The Havalax turned out to be less proficient in navigating this kind of terrain. Michael Dumont designed it with a completely different paradigm in mind. Captain Vicar had to cease his opportunistic attacks in order to struggle his mech past this treacherous terrain.
 The fundamental differences between their frames became evident. The Havalax was very much a momentum-based mech. It derived its superiority from its high powered engine and power reactor, allowing it to move faster and strike harder despite being clad in thick layers of armor.
 Compared to the Blackbeak, the Havalax possessed a higher top speed, but this came at the expense of flexibility. Even a mech pilot as amazing as Captain Vicar struggled to make an elephant dance.
 The majority of the crowd cheered for the more charismatic Vicar. Even the announcers sounded like they rooted for the Mech Corps Captain.
 "Look at the Havalax navigate around those boulders! Even with these hindrances, it’s hardly losing a sweat! It’s a testament of his skill that he hasn’t widened Miss Larkinson’s lead! He’s even closing in!"
 They soon reached the end of the rock field, and Melinda desperately tried to reach the narrow miniature canyons up ahead. However, her mech first needed to cross a small stretch of open ground, and that was when the Havalax began to make its move.
 A handful of boosters embedded into the back of the Havalax started to burn. Though they chugged a lot of the white mech’s limited fuel, the extra thrust gave the mech a powerful hop that allowed it to close the distance within seconds. It raised its axe again, prompting Melinda to turn around her mech and raise its shield.
 CRACK!
 Captain Vicar put the Havalax’s considerable forward momentum into the heavy blow. The axe managed to cut through the damaged upper portion of the moon shield and split that portion apart.
 Melinda hastily ducked her mech to dodge the remaining swing of the axe. She tried to drag the Blackbeak away from the deadly axe, but Captain Vicar would have none of that.
 His relentless aggression matched the Havalax’s own as they collaborated to deliver his promise to dismantle the Blackbeak. The powerful knight stuck to Melinda’s mech and began to rain down a hail of blows.
 "Lay off a girl, will you!"
 "Man or woman, it’s all the same to me!" Vicar yelled over the channel. "The moment you enter a mech, you’ve turned into my prey!"
 The Havalax had completely taken over the initiative in the fight. Vicar left no opening for Melinda to attack. His oppressive offensive started to achieve solid results when his axe began to bypass the Blackbeak’s shortened shield and dig into its armor.
 The audience showed little sympathy for Melinda. Instead, they egged Captain Vicar on. The man seemed to feed off the attention and upped the tempo of his offensive.
 Even as the Blackbeak’s armor started to suffer rents and tears, Melinda tried to keep her cool. She knew that the Havalax’s hyperactive performance came at a cost. It wouldn’t be able to sustain such a level of performance for more than fifteen minutes at most.
 The only problem was that her mech wouldn’t last more than five minutes at this rate. For all of its prowess as a knight, the Blackbeak hadn’t been designed to duel against an elite knight like the Havalax.
 The main problem was the compromises Ves had made in consideration with its armor coverage. Its Veltrex armor system could absorb a lot of punishment, but Ves hadn’t been generous enough to apply very thick layer.
 This was supposed to provide the Blackbeak with additional mobility, and against most other mechs it might be able to pull a rabbit out of a hat. This time though, the Havalax possessed enough superiority in this front to neutralize Melinda’s options.
 Melinda knew she had to flip the table somehow. One of the principles behind the Blackbeak was it shouldn’t be playing fair. So she frantically tried to figure out a way to break the current entanglement.
 Her eyes darted back and forth before focusing straight ahead. "It’s a long-shot, but I’ve got nothing else!"
 She made her decision. The Blackbeak currently suffered from quite a number of armor breaches. Internal damage had been kept at a minimum so far due to deft piloting, but a few minutes more might exacerbate the situation. Melinda made her move before her mech reached that point.
 The Havalax struck down with yet another chop while holding its shield close to fend off the Blackbeak’s sword. It expected its prey to backpedal in order to minimize the damage. It became surprised when the Blackbeak headed straight into the blow.
 An awful tearing sound echoed into the arena as the axe bit through the shoulder pauldron. Melinda ignored the damage reports and urged her mech to continue forward.
 Captain Vicar instinctively pushed out with the Havalax’s shield. It impacted the Blackbeak’s phoenix shield and successfully negated the black mech’s momentum, but not before its head darted forward like a woodpecker about to drill into a tree.
 An awful crunching sound emerged from the Havalax as its frontal head component caved in from Melinda’s pointy strike.
 Ves had added in the beak to the head of his design as an afterthought. Despite the lack of attention put into the beak, it was sharp and heavy enough to crunch any opposing mech’s head.
 The attack didn’t really cripple the Havalax, but it gave Melinda enough of an opening to disengage. Her Blackbeak suffered moderate damage to one of its shoulders, but it had been worth it as she bought enough time to slip into the nearby canyons.
 The entire crowd didn’t know what to think of Captain Vicar’s mishap. After a few seconds of silence, they all erupted into laughter.
 "Captain Vicar’s mech got face-checked! Look at the Havalax now! Who would ever want to kiss this poor mech with such an ugly face?"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Most mechs relied on their heads to provide a human-like perspective to their pilots. The sudden loss of those sensors disoriented Captain Vicar, who despite his plentiful battle experience still had to get used to the changed perspective.
 He silently cursed to himself for letting the Blackbeak get away. His Havalax could still navigate through complex terrain, but it was doubtful if it could ever catch up again. As he gloweringly guided his mech into the narrow cliffs and valleys, the duel transitioned into another phase.
 "This is more like it!" Melinda grinned as her mech slipped into the gaps. The time had come to turn this match around. "I’m done being your punching bag."
 Ves winced as his Blackbeak fell into a defensive posture soon after the start of the duel. The powerful Havalax started off strong and immediately pushed its advantage.
 He knew it would be bad, but the Blackbeak lost the initiative and never got the opportunity to regain it. Pairing the Havalax with a captain of the 3rd Infernal Hellhounds resulted in an amazingly powerful combination that put Melinda at her wit’s end.
 "You could have prevented this, you know." Dumont suddenly remarked from his seat. They sat close enough to talk to each other in private. "There’s no reason to accept the duel when you know your design is at a disadvantage."
 "You speak as if I had a choice. You just had to issue the challenge while I was in the middle of my debut. To refuse your challenge will show the entire Republic that I’m not confident in my own design."
 Dumont erupted into laughter. "Hahaha! It’s like the public considers us wizards who possess a whole host of magical powers. Just because we design machines doesn’t mean we know how to use them!"
 Even when you lacked the courage to fight, sometimes the situation forced your hand. All of the press he invited to attend his debut would have crucified him as a coward if he dodged the challenge.
 People often held mech designers to the same standards of mech pilots despite their lack of commonalities. Besides being connected to mechs, one occupation dealt with fighting while the other preferred to tinker with machines. It wasn’t fair to expect a mech designer to adhere to martial traditions.
 Sadly, the galaxy ran on its own rules. A mech designer must have courage. A mech designer must stand by his product. A mech designer must defend his honor if challenged.
 At least Ves had been allowed to choose someone else to fight in his stead. He was a non-combatant, after all. Even if by some miracle he could pilot a mech, he still would have made a fool of himself. Even the worst pilots needed a full decade of training before they become proficient enough to outperform a simple modern combat vehicle.
 "Tell me, Michael. Did you challenge me because you’re still sore about your loss to me at the YTE, or did Catelyn Ricklin push you into it?"
 His rival laughed again, though Dumont couldn’t hide his irritation. "My associates are none of your business. The Ricklin Family is one of my shareholders, but that is the extent of my relationship with them. If you believe we’re conspiring to bring you down, you’re mistaken. You never even registered on our radar if not for your new design."
 His words sounded innocent enough for Ves to doubt his suspicions. Did he make a mistake? Then he considered everything Dumont had done so far. Coincidence or not, Dumont had certainly made himself out to be his enemy.
 "I don’t know what kind of game you’re playing." Ves started to say. "I didn’t set out to pick a fight with you and your backers. Yet the moment you came up with an offensive knight, it’s a given that we’ve become competitors. So as one mech designer to another, I’ll warn you that you shouldn’t pick a fight you can’t win."
 "Is that a threat?" Dumont replied sharply.
 Ves smiled at his guarded posture. "Not as such. I’m merely stating that I’m better than you in any objective measure. I’ll prove it to you by winning this design duel, and I’ll prove it again when my Blackbeak drubs your Havalax in the market!"
 "Arrogant! Let’s see whether your champion can overcome my own before you open your big mouth!"
 Melinda’s Blackbeak just managed to slip into the complex maze of caverns and cliffs. The difficult terrain hindered the relatively stodgy Havalax while providing an advantage to the agile Blackbeak. Despite the latter’s lower power levels, its agility had never fallen behind due to its fairly slim design.
 Still, her troubles hadn’t ended yet. The Havalax maintained pursuit at stayed hot on her heels. If the Blackbeak stumbled even once, then Captain Vicar would be sure to pounce.
 The final axe strike happened to have bitten deeply into one of the Blackbeak’s shoulders. The overall depth and sturdiness of that portion prevented the axe from disabling the shield arm, but it had enormously weakened it to the point where Melinda didn’t trust it to hold up against a full-frontal body blow.
 Despite her dire circumstances, Melinda grinned, echoing the predatory anticipation of her mech. Her opponent made a big mistake by letting her slip away. It seemed almost comical how Captain Vicar didn’t expect to be pecked in a face by a mech called the Blackbeak.
 "Haha, can’t catch up, captain?" She taunted her opponent over the open channel.
 "Don’t laugh so soon. I’m catching up!"
 Time was running out for Captain Vicar. If he couldn’t catch up to the Blackbeak in the next twenty minutes or so, his mech would run out of steam. His mech only carried a limited amount of energy cells, but before it ran out his internals would already overheat.
 Pushing the Havalax’s limits came at a cost. Vicar gambled on winning on his opening move, but it turned out that Melinda proved more resilient and resourceful than he expected.
 "Why don’t you be a good girl and turn around for me to whack apart?"
 "Are you kidding, captain? You’re the faster mech here! Come and get me if you’re so eager to land a blow on my mech!"
 Standard dueling conventions stated that the mech with the fasted top speed had to take the initiative. If not, it could use its superior speed to stay out of range and run out the clock. Such behavior went against the spirit of the duel so the rule had been introduced to force the duelists to fight.
 A peculiarity occurred in this case when the so-called ’fastest’ mech proved unable to catch up with the nominally slower mech. The Havalax possessed a higher top speed according to its spec sheet, but in practice it could only achieve those speeds in open terrain.
 This rendered Captain Vicar helpless for the moment. Though he adjusted quickly and learned to move the Havalax more proficiently, it would take a long time for the gap to close. His mech expended an enormous amount of energy trying to keep all of its bulk on the move.
 Knights never made for very good sprinters, though an exception could be made for the Blackbeak.
 Still, Melinda noticed the Havalax gaining on her mech at an uncomfortably fast pace. If she was a better pilot, then she would have been able to push the Blackbeak out of reach.
 If she wanted to change the odds, then she had to take the initiative and use her strengths.
 As a Larkinson, Melinda possessed her own strengths. Besides her strong foundation, she also excelled in one other area. Her battle sense.
 Many of her colleagues complimented her for her uncanny decision making in the cockpit. While Melinda had never excelled in swordsmanship, marksmanship and other flashy skills, she always managed to pull off a win by making the right decisions in the heat of battle.
 Right now, her mind worked together with the Blackbeak to analyze her current surroundings. She kept her attention focused on both the Havalax and anything she could use to her advantage. She quickly found something in the terrain up ahead and adjusted the course of the Blackbeak to guide her opponent to follow suit.
 The Blackbeak stomped past an arched cliff. Just as it was about to pass through the narrowest spot, it struck the upper portion of the cliff with a quick raise of its sword.
 A couple of rocks fell down the cliff and rained down right above the pursuing Havalax. Captain Vicar had to veer his mech aside in order to prevent the heavy rocks from exacerbating the damage to its head.
 Meanwhile the Blackbeak had turned around to stab at its distracted opponent, only to come up short when the Havalax raised its shield to turn aside the blow.
 "Did you think I would fall for that?" Vicar shouted. "Think again!"
 Melinda fell into a spot of trouble when the Havalax recovered faster than she thought. Vicar landed a couple of good blows with the axe that dented the Blackbeak’s already worn-out shield. She had to pull off a hasty dodge in order to slip out of reach again.
 This pattern repeated itself several times over. Though Melinda chose to turn around and surprise Vicar several times, the captain’s insane reaction speed insured that he would never fall into a permanent disadvantage.
 "Annoying gnat! Why don’t you stand still for a change!"
 "Haha! Why don’t you stop running yourself then?" Melinda taunted back.
 Despite her repeated failures, Melinda kept up her hit-and-run attacks, making sure her mech would always be able to resume its flight before the Havalax pushed it into a corner.
 Captain Vicar grew increasingly frustrated at this sequence of events. Even as he grew more adept at navigating the terrain, so did Melinda begin to master the art of hit-and-run. Her sword even managed to slip past his guard, though it only ended up scratching the Havalax’s chest coating.
 Still, his mech began to feel the toll. The running battles accelerated the Havalax’s energy consumption and heated up the mech. He glanced at a couple of indicators in his cockpit and estimated that his mech could only hold up its current level of performance for another eight to ten minutes.
 "No choice then!"
 Vicar decided to do something drastic. First, he disengaged the locks holding the Havalax’s kite shield in place. It dropped to the ground with a thunk, surprising both Melinda and the crowd in the arena.
 Next, the Havalax quickly used its free hand to draw the sword from its back. The mech effectively abandoned the way of the shield in favor of wielding two weapons at once.
 Abandoning the shield proved to be the right decision. A literal weight had been lifted off the white mech’s shoulder, allowing it to gain on the Blackbeak with considerably more speed.
 Melinda gritted her teeth as she realized that she couldn’t get away. She turned her Blackbeak around in order to meet the incoming double chop. She parried the sword strike with her own sword while she took the axe strike with the remnants of her shield.
 The latter almost splintered apart into smaller pieces after fending off the blow. People considered axes to be the ultimate shield killers, and this incident tested this maxim again.
 Captain Vicar unleashed a hail of blows with the Havalax. Melinda frantically tried to disengage from the attacks, but the Havalax stubbornly stuck to her mech.
 CRACK!
 The Blackbeak’s phoenix shield finally croaked its last breath and split apart into useless chunks. The sudden loss of the shield provided Vicar with an opening. He locked his sword with his opponents while chopping down with his axe along the Blackbeak’s unprotected chest!
 An awful rent resulted from that devastating strike. The axe had chopped right through all three layers of armor but stopped short from dealing any major damage to the power reactor. Still the attack exposed the Blackbeak’s chest and left it open to a coup de grace.
 The Havalax had run out of momentum after that last attack. This allowed the Blackbeak to bounce away and flee out of reach. The loss of its shield had liberated its speed as well.
 Though the Blackbeak didn’t gain as much speed as its opponent, it still proved vital in dragging out the engagement.
 The two mechs ran in circles as Melinda desperately engaged in damage control. The Blackbeak not only lost its shield, but it also had to deal with various levels of damage to its frame.
 Even if the Havalax started to run out of steam, Melinda wouldn’t be able to put up a decent fight if she had to watch the rents in the Blackbeak’s frame. The main issue was that her shield arm had become exposed. Without another shield, Melinda would be hard-pressed to survive against another barrage of swords and axes.
 "Although... didn’t this mech come with a shovel?"
 Despite the battle damage the Blackbeak incurred, its shield arm remained somewhat functional. Melinda managed to retract the spade integrated in the back of her mech and hold it like a makeshift axe.
 "Is that a spade?" Captain Vicar asked with bemusement. "Your arm is already falling apart. It won’t do you any good!"
 "That’s for me to decide!" Melinda spat back as she moved her mech to meet the Havalax in battle.
 The crowd turned ecstatic at the visceral exchange of blows. Both mechs dual wielded their weapons with a varying amount of proficiency. Unfortunately, Melinda fell into leeward due to her mech’s damaged shoulder and her relative lack of experience in fighting with two weapons at once.
 The Havalax showed off its might by batting away the spade with its axe. The Blackbeak barely held onto the spade and recovered just in time to deflect another swing.
 Every time the Blackbeak seemed pressed, Melinda always managed to recover in time. Sometimes she even hit back in unexpected ways by lashing out with a low kick in between another swing.
 "You’re better than I thought." Captain Vicar grunted in frustration as he tried to peel away Melinda’s defenses.
 The problem for him was that he pressed his mech too hard for too long. All of that running had especially stressed the Havalax’s power reactor. To prevent his mech from overheating, Vicar reluctantly dialed down its power levels and therefore the amount of power his machine could exert.
 He had no other choice. If he kept operating his mech at its maximum power level, then he had to be able to end the match in the next two or three minutes.
 Ordinarily, Captain Vicar wouldn’t have hesitated to take the most aggressive option. Yet after trying and failing to take out the Blackbeak several times, Vicar developed a modest amount of respect for Melinda.
 "I always heard you Larkinsons are tough as brass, but this is the first time I’ve seen it for myself! You should have joined the Infernal Hellhounds!"
 Melinda often received such compliments in her career. "Sorry, Captain, but all of that traveling and military discipline isn’t for me. I’m happily serving with the Planetary Guard."
 Even though the Havalax dialed down some of its power, it still managed to hold the advantage due to the difference in skill. Captain Vicar’s mech sustained little damage so far. Any blows Melinda got past his guard landed squarely on the Havalax’s thick chest armor which easily blunted glancing blows.
 Getting the Blackbeak’s sword to punch through all of those layers of armor required specialized techniques which Melinda didn’t practice very much in lately.
 Any time she tried to put some weight into her blows by turning the Blackbeak’s torso or moving the entire frame forward, she telegraphed to the whole world what she planned to do. It was child’s play for Captain Vicar to read her movements and adjust his own.
 Melinda made a risky decision. She feinted another serious attack, which prompted the Havalax to put up a defensive posture. The Blackbeak quickly interrupted its original movements and instead continued its turn while stepping away from its opponent.
 "It’s been fun, captain, but a girl’s gotta do what a girl’s gotta do!"
 "Coward!"
 The Blackbeak ran at full throttle through the narrow gaps between the cliffs. Even though it exerted quite a bit of strength and suffered from a few more telling blows, the mech’s mobility hadn’t been affected. It ran as fast and spry as in the beginning of the match.
 In contrast, the Havalax suffered relatively little damage but exhibited the largest decrease in performance so far. For all of its upper-body strength, when it came to the engines and legs, the white mech didn’t enjoy a substantial edge over its adversary without resorting to its boosters.
 Captain Vicar bit his lip as he grappled with a dilemma. The Havalax didn’t incorporate a lot of high-powered boosters in its back, and their fuel capacity left a lot to be desired. He engaged them once already, which meant the Havalax only carried enough fuel to boost it one more time.
 He decided to bite the bullet. His mech would only start to degrade from this point onwards. All of that time spent chasing and fighting hadn’t weakened the Blackbeak to its limits.
 Heat and smoke started to emit from the overstressed Havalax as it began to run on fumes. The limited amount of boosters installed in its back flared with white as they pushed the offensive knight forward.
 Melinda noticed the elevated heat signals emanating from the mech of her opponent, and she knew she was in trouble. Her eyes darted back and forth but she found no way to exploit the terrain to her advantage.
 Her eyes drew down towards the weapons the Blackbeak currently wielded. Her spade hadn’t been very useful so far. The damage to the shield arm had been too extensive to make efficient use of the limb.
 She decided to throw it at her opponent. The Blackbeak made blind overarm throw that spun the spade towards the incoming Havalax. Captain Vicar managed to cross his mech’s armaments in time, which deflected the spade over the head of his mech.
 The move momentarily slowed the Havalax down while allowing the Blackbeak to run a little faster. Still, the interruption didn’t change the fundamental equation. The Havalax would be upon its prey in seconds before its boosters ran out of juice.
 Melinda considered throwing away her sword, but changed her mind fairly quickly because she still needed a weapon to finish off her opponent. She needed to pull another trick if she wanted to survive this latest crisis.
 "If you want a piece of me so bad, then here I come!"
 The Blackbeak turned on its heels and ponderously halted its momentum. It faced the incoming Havalax with only a single sword in its hand.
 Captain Vicar didn’t expect his opponent to make a stand, but he welcomed it anyway as he pushed the Havalax to collapse upon the seemingly vulnerable Blackbeak with a double overhead chop.
 Just before the Havalax landed the blows, Melinda abruptly jinked her mech into a ball. The Blackbeak hunched forward and began to roll, something which few mechs had been built to withstand! Ves practically stood up from his seat when he saw the move.
 Wonder above wonder, the Blackbeak didn’t collapse on itself during its rolling motion. Its armor largely held up, aided by the fact that the mech sustained most of its damage in its frontal areas.
 What didn’t help the mech was that the Havalax suddenly tripped over its frame. A messy impacted resulted from the sudden roll as Captain Vicar failed to adjust his mech in time. All of that boosting had forced his mech to rocket forward and fall into an undignified heap.
 Both mechs suffered serious impact damage as the Blackbeak’s back collided against the Havalax’s legs.
 The entire arena fell into silence as they wanted to find out which mech recovered first. Despite the collision, the Blackbeak managed to keep on rolling until it stopped in a crouch. Melinda carefully straightened up her mech while she suppressed all of the error messages.
 A couple of fuel cells suffered catastrophic damage. Some of it had been ejected by the Blackbeak, but the deformities on its back prevented some of the cells from vacating their slots.
 Besides the ruptured fuel cells, the damage to the Blackbeak’s torso also affected its internals in other ways. Some of the delicate power channels turned inoperable, which affected the Blackbeak’s already meager peak performance.
 "It could have been worse." Melinda muttered as she brought her mech to an upright position. "How’s it going, Captain?"
 "Who the hell rolls a mech?! Don’t you know how dangerous that is?!"
 Vicar indeed had much to complain. The Havalax’s legs suffered major deformities from the collision. The damage didn’t cripple the limbs, but disabled enough systems to severely hamper its movements. The captain guessed that his Havalax would only be capable of jogging at most.
 He let out a cry of frustration! Melinda’s stupid roll managed to cripple his mech to the point it had no hope of continuing the chase! It was an abrupt and ignoble end to his chance of winning the duel.
 Landing the deathknell, Melinda tested the Blackbeak’s mobility. Despite the earlier collision, the black mech’s overall toughness allowed it to shrug it off with only a moderate loss of performance. It could still continue to run at a fair pace, which was a lot better than what the Havalax could manage with its half-crippled legs.
 Melinda started to grin and began to stroll away from the Havalax with her mech. Even though it was a bumpy ride, the Blackbeak’s integrity insured it wouldn’t fall apart any time soon.
 Meanwhile, Captain Vicar still hadn’t given up. The Havalax’s legs looked bad, but he hoped that the collision had affected the Blackbeak as well. With shaky movements, his battered mech climbed up to its feet. It then started to chase after its opponent yet again.
 The next few minutes turned into a rather sad affair as the Blackbeak easily teased the lumbering Havalax along the battlefield. While Melinda felt playful enough to tease the movement-impaired Havalax, her common sense prevailed and she kept a healthy distance instead.
 To all of the people expecting blood, the duel had turned into a boring farce. The Havalax didn’t seem capable of catching up to the Blackbeak unless the latter mech suffered from another malfunction, which didn’t appear to be happening anytime soon.
 Melinda’s legendary roll had already entered the annals of history as the spectators spread the news along with captured footage from their comms. The Larkinsons inadvertently gained prominence throughout the Republic even before the duel had formally ended!
 Watching from above, Ves shook his head at Captain Vicar’s dogged persistence. His belief in himself was admirable, but his machine eventually couldn’t keep up with him. While he never expected Melinda to turn the tides in such an unexpected manner, he felt relieved that his faith in his niece had borne out.
 "I think this sideshow has gone on long enough." Ves remarked to Dumont. "It’s time to throw in the towel."
 His rival mech designer deepened his glower. Of all the reasons for Dumont’s mech to fall behind, it had been a simple roll that spelled the end for his ambitions. His entire plans had fallen apart due to that fateful roll. It was practically an iron-clad rule that mech pilots should never attempt to roll their mechs!
 In truth, Ves didn’t design his mech to accommodate a roll. However, he did strengthen his mech’s internal structure around its back in order to make it easier for the Blackbeak to dig up hardy soil. All of that modest strengthening also happened to have mitigated much of the potential damage his mech might have incurred from the roll and the collision that followed.
 Dumont let out a frustrated sigh. "I concede."
 A tone sounded out throughout the entire arena, announcing the end of the design duel. Mech designers had the right to concede on behalf of their pilots because design duels tested the mechs rather than the individual pilots. Dumont’s words definitely put an end to his challenge and his hopes of boosting his profile.
 From now on, Ves could brag that he designed the better mech, and most people would believe him at face value. The public might not understand a highly technical spec sheet, but they definitely understood the outcome of a duel. For all of its advantages, the Havalax hadn’t managed to prevail against a competing design.
 Ves smiled for the recorders, which hopefully broadcasted his face throughout the entire Republic. This must have been something that Dumont had been looking forward to himself. Ves reaped all of the rewards, while Dumont had to contend with social and financial ruin.
 The manner in which Melinda achieved victory looked comical, but it happened to have worked out in the end. Nobody knew whether she decided to roll the Blackbeak on a whim or with calculation.
 Even Melinda didn’t know how to answer that question. At the time, she had entered a highly immersive state where the boundaries between herself and the mech had blurred. Even as she exited her cockpit, a horde of reporters tried asking her how she came up with the idea.
 "I got hit in the head and decided to take a tumble!" She shouted randomly and pressed her way past the annoying people in order to head for the showers.
 Her answer became headline news along with a recounting of the duel. Various publications put their own spin on it.
 Some saw it as a classic David vs Goliath struggle. Piloting a lower-performing mech, Melinda did her best to hang on to the end where she found an opportunity to upset the balance between the Blackbeak and the Havalax.
 Others saw her victory as a cruel joke. Both her mech and her overall skill as a pilot couldn’t compare to the qualities of Captain Vicar and the Havalax he piloted. In any objective measure, the latter combination should have won against Melinda and the Blackbeak.
 One factor that played a big role was the terrain. The rocky terrain and the various obstacles played to the Blackbeak’s advantage in agility. As the slightly lighter mech, it had been able to neutralize the Havalax’s edge in speed by leading it through narrow terrain. This delayed Captain Vicar’s one-sided thumping and sufficiently expended his mech’s reserves.
 The disparity in their performances led the pundits to take a closer look at the designs. They not only compared the spec sheets, but they also took a look at the publically available schematics, hoping to figure out what made the Blackbeak hold under pressure while the Havalax faltered in the end.
 "The Havalax is a top-heavy design! It’s the nature of a knight to be clad in thick layers of armor, but Mr. Dumont strangely decided not to strengthen the legs."
 "That’s not a fair characterization of his decision-making. The Blackbeak’s legs are almost identical, but I don’t see you raising any alarms about their lack of strength. What really happened was that the Havalax had run headlong into a stumbling block and crippled itself as a result. Anyech would wreck its legs at those boosted speeds!"
 "That just shows how short-sighted Mr. Dumont really is! He piled up all of that sprinting capacity onto his mech without implementing enough safeguards His design would have been better off without those boosters!"
 All of this discussion became moot, as the only thing that really mattered was that Ves had won against Dumont. The boost in credibility that he received could not be underestimated. All of the extra media attention that came with his victory also helped profile his design.
 The Blackbeak had become an iconic sight. Its amazing appearance and its stubborn refusal to collapse had become etched in the eyes of the spectators of the match. Even if most of the Republic didn’t witness the duel, word of mouth insured that a lot more people started to hear about the design.
 Ves decided to strike while the iron was hot and answer some questions from the media down at the press area. He left the elevated platform to allow Dumont to wallow in his pity and took a lifter platform down to where the reporters congregated.
 "Mr. Larkinson! How does it feel to be a winner?"
 "Fantastic, although I always expect to win at the start. I never doubted my mech and my cousin could prevail in the end!"
 In truth, Ves bit his lip and clenched his fists plenty of times throughout the duel, but he didn’t admit to having doubts. He wanted to portray absolute confidence in front of the press in order to enhance his design’s mystique.
 "How did you come up with the Blackbeak’s striking appearance? Did you hire a sculptor to shape its external armor?"
 "That’s all me!" Ves proudly declared. "The distinctive appearance of the Blackbeak denotes its premium status as the Living Mech Corporation’s gold label product line, which are available in limited quantities as they are all hand-crafted by me. More accessible versions of the Blackbeak will be released at a later date."
 He answered a few more inane questions from the media before he sought refuge at the backstage. Even then, a lot of people who managed to get in wanted to have a word with him. He finally pushed past the throng with his strong body and reached Melinda’s rest room.
 "Melinda! Are you okay?"
 "I’m fine." She waved away her concern as she lay sprawled onto a sofa, looking to the world as if she was a dead pig. "I’m just exhausted, that’s all. That duel took a lot out of me. No offense, Ves, but I never hope to parade myself in front of the entire Republic again."
 Ves took a nearby seat and turned to gaze at his fellow Larkinson. Melinda looked sweaty and drained in her piloting suit. Even though the duel only lasted less than twenty minutes, the import of her decisions took a toll on her psyche.
 "How did it feel to pilot the Blackbeak into battle?"
 "It’s... sublime." Melinda responded as she struggled to find the right words. "It’s an unforgettable experience. I already got a taste of your mech during practice, but bringing it into an actual fight is something else. All the other mechs I’ve piloted in my career have never responded as smoothly as the Blackbeak. It’s as if I reached a higher state of being. It’s probably why I delivered my best performance as a pilot up to this point."
 The Blackbeak worked as intended, then. Ves smiled at her. "That’s the kind of product I’ve been itching to design from the start. I wanted to design a mech that can work together with its mech pilot. Too many designs out there promise to be the fastest or strongest mechs in their class, but ultimately lack too much balance to make them live up to their potential."
 "Can I have a mech like that too?"
 "Not yet." He shook his head. "I can’t give them away like candy, you know. Ask me again a few years later."
 Ves left Melinda to recover on her own and entered an armored shuttle that brought him back to Marcella’s brokerage. He already received a number of important notifications on his comm including a request to attend an emergency board meeting to discuss the imminent future of the LMC.
 He found it kind of annoying that the board decided to convene without his permission, but the circumstances really did call for a major shift in direction. Ves walked past the foyer and entered the elevator up to the mech broker’s office.
 "Marcella."
 "Ves. You’re here! The board is already waiting. Let’s enter the conference room."
 The conference room in her office looked swankier than his own. Various precision models of past models adorned the crevices in the walls. Ves paid little attention to those details and took his seat at the head of the table. The projectors flared to life as soon as he did.
 A total of eight people had gathered to discuss the the dilemma facing the LMC. Marcella took the word.
 "As you know, Michael Dumont issued a challenge to Ves." She began. "Unless you’ve been living under a rock, then you already know the outcome. Right now, both the Blackbeak and Ves have gained prominence throughout the Republic, but that won’t last for long. With how fast the media works, any attention directed to us will fade by the end of the week."
 "How are our sales faring so far?"
 "We’ve sold out our initial production run of twenty-five gold-label Blackbeaks." Ves responded. "It will take a little less than two months to complete this order."
 "That’s not enough! Mrs. Bollinger, how high is the demand for the new model?"
 "They’re constantly knocking at my door. My estimate is that if we prepared five-hundred mechs, we could have sold them out within the day. This is only possible due to all of the hype that followed the duel. Our failure to meet this spike in demand will potentially cost us billions of credits in lost opportunities."
 The news sounded very painful to Ves. By failing to build up a stockpile or declining to expand their production capacity, the LMC effectively waved away an opportunity to cash in on their fifteen minutes of fame. While they didn’t actually lose any money, their lack of preparations effectively meant they flew past a pile of free cash.
 "There’s a way for us to salvage this situation." Another director stated. "I’ve proposed this before, and I think it deserves another chance. We should partner up a third-party manufacturer and leave the mass production of the Blackbeak up to them. I know several parties in Bentheim that will be eager to enter a contract with us for the right to produce a popular design."
 Ves liked to maintain control over his own products, which was why he rejected the suggestion out of hand. The director’s ties to those mech manufacturers also seemed rather shady.
 He shook his head. "I’m still have a lot of qualms about the quality of the products by an external manufacturer. Any major defects will reflect back to us, which will tarnish our reputation as a premium mech manufacturer."
 Sadly, out of all the board members, Ves remained the sole holdout on this topic. Every other board member including his own grandfather indicated that they wished to outsource production!
 "Ves, I understand why you treat the company that you founded like a baby, but you are stifling its potential." Marcella explained to him. "There is nothing unusual about contracting out the production of a design. That’s why the license model exist. Any faults resulting from shoddy fabrication will mainly reflect on the contracted company. We’ll only get the blame if your design is at fault."
 The meeting somehow moved on to inspecting a handful of quick-thinking mech manufacturers that applied to mass produce the Blackbeak on the LMC’s behalf. They all wanted to waive the massive 3 billion credits licensing fee in favor of slightly higher per-unit royalty fees. All of the manufacturers had low-balled their offers, but many things could still be changed when they entered talks.
 They narrowed down the list to three possible companies, one of which had been recommended by director from Bentheim. The other two manufacturers possessed their own merits, as they had a long track record of producing various models on behalf of other mech designers in decent numbers.
 "Maybe we should contract all three of them?"
 "That’s not a good idea. We don’t know how the current tide in demand will last. The Blackbeak is still an expensive design. Even if you lower the price to 50 million credits, there aren’t enough buyers in the local market to snap them all up."
 "Then we should expand our reach throughout the entire Komodo Star Sector! The Blackbeak has proven itself in battle. I’m sure that we can find some foreign partners to work with to make that happen."
 "Let’s not move too quickly." Marcella cautioned the high-flying directors. "First, we have to solve our problems close at home before we can think of entering another market."
 Despite the Bentheim director’s clamoring to hand over a contract to his preferred firm, the board decided to pit the three companies against each other by allowing them to enter some kind of bidding process. The mech manufacturer that offered the most attractive conditions won the opportunity to enter into a contract with the LMC.
 "What do you think, Ves? Do you agree with the plan we’ve hashed out?" Marcella gently prodded him. She knew how sensitive he could be about this issue. "The best way to go forward is if you establish another product category that sits below your current silver label offerings. Let’s call it the bronze label. This can be an exclusive label that you can apply to mechs made by outside parties."
 Ves had remained silent throughout the discussion. He still felt rather ill about the whole thing. Bronze label? He might as well call it the trash label. However, deep down he knew that his company would be better off if it could borrow the production capacity of another mech manufacturer.
 He bent his head until his chin hit his chest and considered the matter deeply for a few minutes. Eventually, he gave up. "Alright. Let’s contract the bronze label to a third-party manufacturer. I do want to add that the contract better include strict language on quality control."
 The board had been waiting for that answer. With his assent, they formed a brief set of goals for the coming month. While Ves adjusted the BP-A-01’s design for mass production, the LMC had to find a partner by the end of the week.
 The entire matter about outsourcing the production of bronze label Blackbeaks had spread throughout the entire company. None of the workers under Ves felt very concerned. In fact, everyone felt excited to be part of something big. The option to leave the heavy lifting to another manufacturer was seen as boon to the LMC as a whole.
 "Look at it this way." Gavin told him next morning as Ves prepared to go on a field trip. "Up until now, most of your new recruits had nothing to do. The anemic sales of the Mark II generates so little paperwork that most of them felt useless."
 Ves raised his eyebrow as he finished dressing. "Is handing over most of our production to a third-party manufacturer going to change anything?"
 The way these outsourcing contracts worked in the mech industry was that a mech designer sold the rights to exploit a design to someone else. Often times, the third-party manufacturer also gained the right to sell the mechs based off the borrowed design through their own channels with their own branding.
 This last point served to raise the profile of the third-party manufacturer while simultaneously isolating any faults from affecting the original mech designer. Only rarely did the mech designer insist on retaining his company’s original branding. That only happened if the two parties entered into a long-term alliance or if the mech designer owned a significant stake in the other manufacturer.
 Essentially, it came down to control.
 "Ves, just because the third-party manufacturer is going to do their own thing doesn’t mean we’re left in the dust. A strong surge in sales of the bronze label version will affect the popularity of the silver label and gold label versions as well. We aren’t competing against our own partner for the same group of buyers."
 Those that wanted to acquire more distinguished mechs could afford to wait for the LMC to produce their premium copies. Meanwhile, those who only wanted to buy the Blackbeak for its performance could order a cheaper copy with much less wait time from a third-party manufacturer.
 "I admit, I’m not entirely sold on the idea. We don’t actually get that much money from our partner as well. It’s only a couple of millions of credits at most."
 Gavin shook his head. "That’s money that we basically earned for free. It doesn’t cost us anything to extend a license to someone else. Sure, we need to keep an eye on them to insure they don’t make shoddy mechs, but as long as they follow the agreement, we can sit back and relax while the money rolls in."
 Some mech designers made their living licensing out their products. They setup design studios and focused solely on coming up with the best designs they could make. As for turning them into actual mechs? The third-party manufacturers handled all of that. They just went back to inventing newer designs while enjoying the steady stream of licensing fees.
 Ves couldn’t imagine working like that. He valued his designs and wanted any mechs built according to his schematics to be wholesome products that added genuine value.
 To that end, Ves planned to go on a trip. "Gavin?"
 "Yes, boss?"
 "Please arrange an appointment with the three manufacturers we’ve entered talks with. I want to take a look at their production facilities."
 "Why would you do that? The manufacturers have been very forthcoming with informing us of their available production capacities."
 "It’s not enough to know how fast and how efficient they can pump out mechs. I want to see whether they put their heart into their mechs."
 Gavin scratched his head. "If you say so."
 The LMC’s various departments had been working at full tilt since yesterday. Marketing brought forward their advertising plan as soon as they secured a third-party manufacturer. They also released the virtual version of the Blackbeak onto all of the popular mech sims in order to ease some of the pressure that had been building up.
 "The public is getting their fix for the moment. First impressions are very positive." Gavin reported as they sat in an armored shuttle. Ves was already on his way to the company’s first potential partner. "We’re hoping that will translate to persistent demand for the real thing."
 "That will definitely happen." Ves nodded with a confident smile. Even though the virtual interface muted much of the Blackbeak’s appeal, it should still convey some of the magic of its X-Factor. "Tell me about our destination. Who are we visiting first?"
 His employee pulled up a data pad and browsed through its contents. "We’re on our way to a major mech manufacturer called Vaun Industrial."
 Ves remembered that company. The director from Bentheim always pressed the others to enter a strategic partnership with Vaun. It made Ves suspect that the two shared some sort of connection.
 "Vaun owns three production complexes and produces a range of heavy vehicles and equipment. Still, two out of three of their complexes are devoted solely to producing mechs en masse. Their last public report states that they’ve been contracted to produce a number of models for seven different mech manufacturers."
 They sounded like big players. A company like that should have been out of the LMC’s league. "Does Vaun still have enough spare capacity to produce a sufficient number of bronze label mechs?"
 "Well, Vaun has offered to dedicate at least eight production lines in the first half year. After that, they’ll adjust their resources according to the winds of the market. If the mass-produced Blackbeak ends up being a hit, then they can easily shift their numbers to produce less of one mech and more of ours."
 Gavin didn’t mention that Vaun could also decide to go the other way. If sales of the Blackbeak slumped, then they could easily shift to more profitable alternatives.
 To be honest, Ves already had a bad impression of Vaun. He merely decided to visit them in order to appear more impartial.
 The shuttle landed after roughly an hour. Ves spent his time on tweaking a copy of the Blackbeak’s design for mass production. He saved his current progress and stepped out of the hatch to the sight of a vast complex of factories.
 "Welcome to our third and newest production complex! You must be Mr. Larkinson!"
 Ves shook hands with a graceful looking woman. "My name is Melody Vaun, and I’m the director of this complex. Please follow me!"
 They walked towards one of the enclosed production facilities while Melody narrated the history of the company. "Like many mech manufacturers, Vaun Industrial started out when my grandfather achieved a lot of success. He excelled in both mech design and business, so his company grew fast."
 What followed next sounded similar to the stories Ves had heard before. Her grandfather became increasingly proficient at designing mechs, but his children proved to be a disappointment. They all grew up learning how to design a mech and how to run a business, but they pretty much only cared about money.
 This gave grandfather Vaun a lot of grief, and due to some incidents that Melody quickly glossed over, he died an early grave.
 His death presented a crisis for the company, which had expanded to the point where they operated five whole production lines for mechs. Without any new designs, Vaun would quickly fall into irrelevance. His children frantically sought another mech designer to take over in their grandfather’s stead.
 "We managed to enter a number of short-term contracts with various people and organizations that need things done. They never lasted more than a year or two, but it kept our company afloat."
 Vaun Industrial never managed to find a mech designer good enough to produce as much sales as their late founder. A few years passed while the heirs kept accepting contracts, until they suddenly realized that Vaun Industrial didn’t need to appoint another lead designer to survive as a business.
 "When times became hard, we started cutting costs." Melody spoke."We eventually became quite good at efficient mass production, to the extent that our company was able to reinvest our profits into expanding our production line."
 Fifty years later, Vaun Industrial ended up as a large manufacturer of mechs and other heavy gear that worked with multiple mech designers every year. Melody bragged that the secret to their success lay in their pursuit of efficiency.
 "Our production lines are some of the fastest on Bentheim." She claimed, though Ves doubted their veracity. "We’re able to maintain some of the highest rates of production."
 "What about defects?"
 "They’re barely noticeable. You just reminded me of their existence."
 They finally reached the closest facility. After Ves went through a thorough inspection, he followed Melody inside a cavernous white hall filled with lots of white production equipment.
 He immediately turned his gaze to the 3D printers, which appeared to be smaller but faster than the Dortmund in his own workshop. Ves immediately noticed that all of the machines had been dedicated to fabricating the same components over and over again.
 Melody walked over to the nearest machine. The printer worked so hard it emanated a lot of steam. "We utilize a batch production system where we fabricate enough parts to assemble hundreds of mechs at a time. These printers are highly efficient and self-sufficient at their jobs. They detect most defects on their own and scrap their current progress is the deviation is severe enough to impact the quality of the end product."
 That meant that Vaun retained the components with only minor deviations. Ves would have tossed them out regardless, but Vaun obviously thought differently.
 After admiring the largely automated fabrication process, they moved on to the assembly area. Large amounts of half-built mechs stood at a row. Parts were being lifted into place by a combination of advanced anti-grav technology. This prevented the assembly area from being cluttered by a sea of lifter bots.
 "Similar to our fabrication process, our assembly process takes advantage of the automation processes that we’ve developed in-house. Incidents are rare enough that only a single person is needed to look over the assembly of thirty mechs at once."
 "What kind of incidents can happen?"
 "Oh, you know, screw ups that our bots have difficulty processing." She explained. "Sometimes, the bots mix up the parts for one model for another. Other times, the anti-grav system acts up and drops a couple of components. This doesn’t happen more than a few times a year, so don’t worry about our capabilities. We never fail to meet our production targets."
 Ves wanted to talk with some of the mech technicians that worked on the factory floor, but Melody strongly denied his request. He frowned at her. "Why can’t I have a simple talk with them?"
 "Our apologies, Mr. Larkinson, but we’ve already been generous to you by allowing you to take a look. Much of our success lies in our proprietary methods and we can’t insure that our technical staff will know what to say and what to withhold. In order to maintain our trade secrets, it’s company policy to never let anyone speak with our experts."
 As an apology, Melody guided him to an office in which he could view a variety of different designs they produced over the years. Many of the designs came from promising Apprentice Mech Designers or newly advanced Journeyman Mech Designers who hadn’t expanded their own facilities yet.
 Ves didn’t doubt Vaun’s competence as a mech manufacturer. They worked with so many different designs that they required no adjustment time to master the production of a new design.
 Vaun ran a tight ship. They could be trusted to take his design and produce hundreds of bronze label Blackbeaks without any sweat. Out of the three possible candidates to entrust his Blackbeak design, partnering with Vaun appeared to be the least riskiest option.
 He still disliked them, though. Beyond the disconcerting level of automation, Ves hadn’t been allowed to talk with the mech technicians or supervisors who operated the production equipment. The only person from Vaun he really talked to was Melody Vaun, who mainly tooted her company’s horn.
 Mentally, he already crossed them out of consideration. He’d probably have to argue against the entire board for refusing to work with Vaun. Hopefully, the other two mech manufacturers offered something better.
 Dumont had been drowning his sorrows in his private mansion. He sent most of the the staff away, allowing him to avoid the scornful gazes of his own men.
 "Here I am, a drunk and a failure."
 Despite setting up the board in his favor, he failed to secure a crucial victory. Dumont put his own reputation at stake when he pitted his Havalax against Larkinson’s Blackbeak. It should have been a slam-dunk win considering the Havalax’s high performance characteristics turned it into an excellent dueling mech.
 Nothing was ever set in stone.
 He learned that lesson in the most painful way. Even a captain of the Mech Corps failed to account for the treacherous terrain and the bewildering decisions made by his opponent.
 Dumont raised a glass at Melinda Larkinson’s resourcefulness.
 "People always say that the Larkinsons can’t be messed with. They’re the Republic’s mangy wolves."
 People called them wolves because they fought in a ferocious manner. They also called them mangy because they weren’t really a big deal compared to the other military dynasties that held more sway in the Bright Republic.
 Obviously, the emergence of a talented Larkinson mech designer changed the old equation. For the first time, it appeared the famous Larkinson Family gained some actual financial muscle.
 All of that had nothing to do with him, of course. The highly placed folks who opposed the Larkinsons had secretly pulled some strings to allow the elite Captain Vicar to duel on his behalf.
 "Hmph." He snorted. "What an elite he turned out to be."
 "What happened yesterday is not his fault." An incisive female voice spoke from behind.
 Dumont practically jumped from his seat, spilling his drink in the process. Tiny cleaner bots quickly cleaned up the mess, but that hardly calmed his heart. "Heavens! How did you sneak up to me, Catelyn?"
 "It’s not that difficult to bypass your security systems when you dismissed most of your security." The Ricklin scion sneered. "Any two-bit thug with a gun can approach you before you notice it. And last I’m aware of, you don’t wear a shield generator that can stop an attack."
 "I figured it didn’t matter if I put my mansion on lockdown." Dumont shrugged. "If you decided to get rid of me, nothing I do will matter."
 Catelyn Ricklin shook her head as she tutted. "My dear, you always think the worst of me. Did you really think I wrote you off? Hardly. I’ve diverted a substantial amount of family funds to your endeavors. I’m not about to let my investment go to waste."
 Wasteful spending and frivolous business decisions had caused the Ricklin family to decline. In Catelyn’s eyes, Vincent Ricklin exemplified the degenerate old ways.
 In any case, Dumont started to see the light again. He sobered up and faced Catelyn with his full attention. "You want to continue to collaborate? Even after half of my customers canceled their orders?"
 "You’re a businessman as well as a mech designer, Michael. It’s not the end of the universe if you lose a duel. Certainly, all of the sensationalism surrounding your very public loss will depress your sales, but will anyone still remember you after a month? Just hunker down and ride the storm. Your prospects will surely improve after talk about the duel dies down."
 "That still leaves an irremovable stain on my record. I’ll hardly be able to climb back out of the pit I dug for myself. The Havalax is a tainted design."
 "Then design a new mech! You shouldn’t be pining over the fate of a single design! You should be expanding your catalog instead of putting all your eggs in a single basket. In the meantime, your company can muddle through if you sell the Havalax model at a discount. As long as your company stays afloat, there are plenty of opportunities to make a comeback."
 Dumont nodded at her words. Earning an ample profit was a luxury at this point. "I get it now. As long as the price is attractive enough, buyers looking for a bargain won’t care about the bad press."
 The Havalax was still a fundamentally good design. Although its endurance didn’t amount to much, the performance it delivered at the start made it suitable to be used as an elite mech. And despite the unexpected outcome of the previous duel, it still held a significant advantage in most situations.
 Offensive knights couldn’t display their full strength by themselves. They worked best if paired with other mechs, preferably rifleman or artillery mechs. The Havalax would really start to shine if it could do its job as a protector of other mechs.
 "You’ve regained your senses now. Good." Catelyn nodded and turned around to leave the room. "For now, you should weather this crisis. We can make new plans after you stabilized your company."
 As Dumont dreamed about reviving his prospects, Ves continued his tour of the potential partners he’d be working with to mass produce the Blackbeaks.
 After leaving the industrial complex operated by Vaun, the armored shuttle brought him to the next mech manufacturer on the list. Gavin briefed him on the company.
 "The next manufacturer on the list is a company called Vikaris Mechs. VM is a medium-sized family-owned mech manufacturer based in Haston. They started off producing spare mechs from salvaged fabrication equipment and expanded from there. Nowadays, they’ve grown to the point of running ten production lines. Also, starting from a decade ago, they entered into a long-term partnership with a big Journeyman Mech Designer."
 Ves frowned at that news. "Sounds like a great deal for VM. If they partnered up with a Journeyman, then they should have been running their production lines at full capacity. Why are they turning to us?"
 "They’ve fallen on hard times." Gavin replied without much sympathy. "The mech designer they worked with suddenly dumped them out of the blue. From what rumors I’ve gathered, the mech designer wanted to work with a major mech manufacturer, but had to give up all of his existing contracts to seal the deal."
 That designer must have decided to work together with a major mech manufacturer because they could handle more complex designs. Many small and medium mech manufacturers didn’t possess the hardware required to fabricate some of the more sophisticated parts that Journeyman-level mechs often hosted.
 "VM should have anticipated that something like that might happen. A Journeyman Mech Designer can be very exacting about their designs."
 His assistant shrugged. "Well, they obviously didn’t take precautions, seeing as they presented us with the most favorable terms. Their negotiators seem very eager to work for us."
 Ves took a data pad that contained a document that outlined their latest offers. They indeed conceded a lot of ground during the negotiations. The per-unit licensing fee had somehow climbed up all the way to five million credits.
 With an expected sale price of 55 million credits per Blackbeak, that didn’t leave much profits for Vikaris Mechs in the future. Everyone expected resource prices to soar once again at the outbreak of war, so Ves didn’t assume the current production cost of 41 million credits to stay the same.
 The shuttle arrived at Haston after an hour of flight. The working-class city looked as dreary as ever from above. The Bentheim Liberation Movement often found eager recruits from the disgruntled unemployed masses.
 The premises of Vikaris Mechs reflected the lack of confidence in public security. It featured high walls and a number of worn but very functional turrets. The armored shuttle and its escorts had to land outside the walls and receive a fairly rigorous inspection before being allowed through the gates.
 A portly gentleman greeted him just inside the gates. "Mr. Larkinson, it’s a pleasure to meet you. Let me introduce myself. I am Frederick Yang, and I’ve been steering this company for more than twenty years as CEO."
 Frederick looked exhausted and overworked. His black hair started greying early and he didn’t bother to use any of the modern grooming solutions to revive them back to their prime.
 As Ves shook hands with the man, they walked over to one of the two great halls VM had built up. "I’ve heard you’ve recently lost a major client. Can you tell me if your facilities are still up to par?"
 The blunt question took the CEO aback. He returned with an awkward smile. "We’ve parted ways with a major client for reasons unrelated to our performance. Our equipment is fairly old, but we have lots of experienced hands to keep them running smoothly. There is no reason to doubt our capabilities. We are able to fabricate virtually any kind of design an Apprentice Mech Designer might present to us."
 They entered a stale and rather worn out fabrication floor. Ves noted a few touches of rust and grime in some of the corners, but nothing truly serious. The CEO guided him to an array of printers which churned out a variety of parts. Each machine had a serious-looking mech technician or fabricator at the helm.
 "We operate all of our equipment manually. We believe in providing employment opportunities to the disadvantages communities of Haston, so we bring in those with talent and teach them the essential skills to become a fabricator or mech technicians."
 Many of the people indeed looked like they grew up under harsh conditions. Ves found the initiative to be admirable. It must have been difficult to educate a barely literate man or woman from scratch. "Do they have diplomas or certificates?"
 "It takes too much money to send them out for examinations." The CEO shook his head. "A diploma doesn’t matter too much in our circles because we already know what they are capable of. They don’t need to prove themselves to us."
 Ves bet that Vikaris Mechs deliberately discouraged certification for more selfish reasons. They spent so much effort bringing up their skills. If they actually gained a diploma, they’d be able to apply to other manufacturers that provided better compensation.
 Still, even with this shady exploitation, the staff hardly looked aggrieved with their lot in life. They obtained precious opportunities to elevate their lives without paying any tuition at all.
 As he toured the old and rusty alloy compressors and CTMs, Ves got the sense that Vikaris Mechs was a social project. They obviously didn’t need to hire so many locals and spend so much effort on shoring up their skills. A score of sturdy bots could have taken over the jobs of as much as half of the people working in the halls.
 "I’m very impressed with your setup, Mr. Yang." Ves cautiously praised. "Still, I’m a little concerned by the age of your machines. My design isn’t very difficult to make, but Veltrex armor plating is very difficult to work with. Are you sure your gear and your men are up to the task?"
 The CEO hastily nodded. "We have decades of experience with fabricating comechs. We can handle the majority of currentgen compressed armor systems. There is no cause for concern, no cause for concern at all!"
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Ves nodded politely to him. From what he saw with his own eyes, the CEO didn’t lie. As long as the alloy compressors didn’t fall apart, they should be able to meet his needs until the next generation arrived. Without a substantial investment, they wouldn’t be able to keep up with the latest armor systems.
 He wrapped up his visit by talking to a few workers. The CEO seemed unafraid the unsophisticated mech technicians would slip up. They probably didn’t know anything important enough to matter.
 Indeed, Ves didn’t learn anything strange that could change his view on the company. Vikaris Mechs didn’t do so well after losing their most essential partner, but they made do for now by performing small jobs here and there. The workers appeared hopeful that their company would recover its pride.
 After bidding farewell to Yang, Ves and Gavin returned to their shuttle and left Haston as fast as possible.
 Gavin appeared to be glad to get away from the murky town. "Ugh, all of that industrial smell is getting to me. Please let me stay in the shuttle if you want to visit Haston again."
 Cloudy Curtain boasted exceptionally clean air, so it wasn’t a surprise to Ves that Gavin disliked stepping foot into Haston.
 "What do you think about Vikaris Mechs?"
 "It’s a charity case more than a business. I don’t know if the owner is a bleeding heart or not, but you can hardly step forward without bumping into another worker. All of their gear also seems rather dated, but I’m not an expert on those things. The most I can say is that they don’t look nearly as professional as Vaun Industrial."
 At least they knew how pathetic they looked, because Vikaris Mechs offered the most attractive contract terms by far. Ves told Gavin as much. "They’re cheap and they’re dedicated. I think we can rely on their sincerity because we’ll be their only major client for the time being."
 "You get what you paid for. Don’t expect consistent quality from these guys."
 "True."
 So far, Ves visited two very different mech manufacturers. Vaun Industrial prioritized efficiency above all else while Vikaris Mechs possessed an abundance of heart. That said, neither seemed like the right fit for the LMC.
 Gavin partially echoed his findings. "I can understand your doubts about Vaun, but I thought you’d be sympathetic for Vikaris. They employ lots of people and they all seem to care for their work."
 "Well, it all seems a bit too harmonious. The people there seem happy, but Frederick Yang is just a patsy. Someone else is pulling the strings in the company."
 "Now that you think about it, Mr. Yang doesn’t seem very assertive for a CEO. You’ve got a bright eye for taking of that."
 Combined with the overly generous contract terms, all of it seemed suspicious. Ves refused to entertain any further thoughts of cooperation with Vikaris Mechs unless they became more forthcoming on their background.
 "Another thing that bugs me is the apparent charity that’s going on." Ves continued. "It seems to be built on a fragile base. What if some of those workers harbor sympathies for the BLM? It’s incredibly easy for a single infiltrator to sabotage an entire production line, or worse, cover up any instances of defects."
 "I didn’t think about that. You’re right. There’s too many people going in and out everyday. All of that security around their complex won’t be able to stop a determined saboteur who already has free access to everything from the start."
 Ves ran a business, not a social project. The main goals of the LMC should be to advance his interests and make a profit. He couldn’t care less about the plight of the citizens of Haston. Bentheim’s government should be cleaning up their own messes.
 "Let’s move onto the next destination. Who are we visiting last?"
 Gavin turned to his data pad again. "We’ll be dropping by a company called Elemental Mech Engineering. EME is actually a company founded by a reasonably successful mech designer called Andar Neverland. They currently only operate four production lines, but they’re fairly modern and capable."
 This sounded like another distressed manufacturer. "Is Mr. Neverland still alive?"
 "Oh, he’s alive and well. He even has a daughter who’s a bit younger than you who’s studying mech design at Ansel. From what we’ve gathered, EME has been chugging along great until their licenses expired."
 This happened fairly often to mech designers. They budgeted out their earnings and saved up money for a license renewal or a net set of licenses, but something happened along the way that caused a gap to occur. The key here was finding out why Neverland couldn’t acquire another set of licenses.
 It didn’t take too much trouble for Gavin to look up the reasons. "Sales of Neverland’s designs have slumped in recent times. A huge transgalactic mech manufacturer entered the market with a fantastic design that outperformed Neverland’s own products on both price and performance. Now he’s facing a budget shortfall of several billion credits due to the fact he borrowed a lot of money to get his hands on quality fabrication equipment."
 "Sounds like EME is Neverland’s private playground. Does his company have any experience with doing contract work?"
 "Not really. They’re scrambling for work but their lack of pedigree in this field of business means that not a lot of clients are tempted to work with them. It also doesn’t help that they’re asking a lot of compensation for their efforts."
 Out of the three parties the LMC had their eyes on, EME offered the least attractive terms. They only agreed to hand over 2.5 million credits per sale, half the offer of Vikaris Mechs. In exchange, EME offered smaller concessions in other areas, such as letting the LMC keep a close eye on their activities.
 The shuttle reached the industrial district of Ansel and landed at a cramped and densely built complex that bore the logo of EME. As Ves and Gavin exited the shuttle, they met with the founder and lead designer inside a lobby.
 A middle-aged man greeted them with much aplomp. "Mr. Larkinson! It’s a privilege to meet you in the flesh! You’re a famous mech designer now. The industry is buzzing about your rise to fame."
 "You flatter me." Ves casually laughed in return. "My accomplishments pale in comparison to yours."
 In his opinion, experts in the mech industry hardly took any notice of Ves. They considered his duel against Dumont to be as trivial as two ignorant toddlers fighting each other over a shiny toy.
 Mech designers like Neverland deserved a lot of respect for elevating his company to such a height from scratch. Even if he failed to hedge his bets in recent times, he was still very much ahead of the game compared to someone like Ves.
 "I haven’t heard much about you. Please tell me about your designs."
 Neverland looked eager to talk about his own work. "The pride and joy of the EME is the Klamson series. The Klamsons are a line of striker mechs with varying loadouts, from flamethrowers to shotguns. I’ve even supplied some of the remote Planetary Guard units with Klamsons armed with fluid projectors."
 "Can I take a look at the design?"
 "Oh sure! They’re archived in the MTA, so it doesn’t hurt for you to take a look."
 Ves received a data pad that contained a couple of abridged design schematics. He skimmed over the documents and inspected the wireframe schematics with an eye for attention.
 In his eyes, the Klamson design didn’t look very fancy, but neither did it attempt to overreach its capabilities. It was a simple, workable design that had matured over the course of a decade. The Klamson mechs also benefited from fairly premium third-class components.
 Still, despite their qualities, it wouldn’t be too hard for a competitor to come up with a better design. They’d have to take some risks and be more skilled, but it could be done without resorting to more expensive components.
 In a way, the EME treated the Klamson series like a cash cow. Neverland probably rested on his laurels thinking that a couple of minor updates every year would suffice to keep the design competitive. 
 He made a big mistake and fell behind as a result. It didn’t help that Neverland invested a lot of money into expanding the EME’s production capacity just before his sales followed a downward trajectory.
 Ves didn’t mention anything unflattering and kept his comments positive. "I like what you did with the weapon holsters. Even an unskilled pilot would easily be able to stow his mech’s weapons without a fuss."
 "That’s been a persistent problem in the earliest versions of the Klemsons." Neverland explained. "Some of my early customers used the Klemsons as training mechs, and a lot of inexperienced mech pilots broke their holsters trying to stow away their shotguns. They’re not as slim and delicate like laser rifles, so mistakes happened often enough for me to figure out a better solution."
 "What made you decide to commit to striker mechs? They’re not the most popular archetypes around."
 The older mech designer shrugged. "It’s all I inherited from my mentor. He’s a fanatic about strikers and I took over much of his enthusiasm. There’s a lot of charm in striker mechs. They combine some of the best parts about knights and medium-ranged mechs into a single, durable package."
 Ves could see some of the appeal. "Still, it must be hard to design a striker."
 "Oh, not at all, actually. People who approach the archetype with the mindset of designing a knight or rifleman in a different form will come away disappointed. Strikers demand an entirely new approach. Outsiders always place too much emphasis on accuracy and precision. They weaken the frame too much in order to chase after a dream."
 "Don’t they require a minimum amount of accuracy?" Ves raised his eyebrow.
 If the Blackbeak picked up a laser rifle and decided to use it, it would be liable to hit its own squad members. Such was the danger of neglecting accuracy.
 "Mr. Larkinson, the reason why strikers are armed with wide area weapons is because poor aiming is built into the archetype. What they lack in accuracy, they make up for it in strength. Standard doctrine says that strikers should avoid melee combat whenever possible, but in practice they often resort to their bayonets or backup swords to fend off an opponent up close."
 Their conversation halted when they reached the fabrication floor. It didn’t look as clean as the floor from Vaun, but neither did it look grimy like the floor from Vikaris. The look and feel of EME’s floor resembled an upscaled workshop, much like the one owned by Ves.
 Recent expansion has left the floor a little cramped. An abundance of shiny new production equipment sat idle. With the lack of demand for the Klemsons and no other contracts to fulfill, the expensive machinery sat dormant.
 As for the workers, most of the mech technicians walked back and forth in a daze. They counted their inventory for the umpteenth time or simply sat back and played some games over their comms.
 "As you can see, our state-of-the-art production equipment will be able to handle anything you can throw at it, including your wonderful Blackbeak design." Neverland bragged, who willfully ignored all of his idle personnel. "Don’t think we are worse than others for maintaining only four production lines, the production speed of these machines will surely be a feast for your eyes!"
 Ves didn’t recognize the individual production models, but all of the printers, compressors, CTMs and assembly systems looked impressive enough to back his boasts. The EME should be able to produce enough bronze label Blackbeaks to meet demand, if only just.
 As Neverland kept boasting about his production capabilities, Ves formed his own judgement on the man and his company. The EME must have landed in fairly dire straits. The fact that his negotiators insisted on retaining as much money as possible should be because the EME’s creditors must be knocking on their doors.
 If Ves looked closely, the personnel looked like they had already given up. They expected the EME to fold in a month or two, upon which they’d be free to work for someone else. They only stuck around because it would look bad on their records if they quit on their own accord.
 "Thank you for allowing me a visit. You’ve been very candid to me. I appreciate that." Ves said to Neverland when they came to the end of their tour.
 Neverland wiped some sweat from his brow. "I figured I wouldn’t be able to hide anything from you. The EME is down on its luck, but we only need to shore over this difficult time before we can pick ourselves up. I hope you entrust the mass production of your Blackbeak design to us. Striker mechs and knight mechs have a lot in common, so we can instantly start production."
 "I’ll consider it carefully!"
 Ves and Gavin returned to their shuttle. Now that they finished their field trips, the shuttle turned around to Dorum so that they could return to the hotel near Marcella’s brokerage.
 "Mr. Neverland is a desperate man." Gavin remarked after a moment of silence. "He’s extremely eager to enter into a contract with us, more so than Mr. Yang of Vikaris Mechs."
 At least Vikaris had been able to stay afloat by accepting a bunch of tiny short-term contracts. EME’s vacant track record in this business segment made it much more difficult for it to do the same.
 Still, that might change once people find out about their modern production equipment. EME just had to get past their acute dearth of liquidity.
 "Mr. Neverland comes off rather fishy as well, but in a different way from Mr. Yang." Ves stated after thinking back on his visit. "He’s a little too sincere, if you know what I mean."
 "Do you think it’s a calculated ploy to arouse your sympathy?"
 "No, nothing like that. It’s just that he genuinely loves the craft. His eyes light up whenever he talks about the Klemson or the Blackbeak."
 "Then what are you apprehensive about?"
 "I feel like Mr. Neverland wants to steal the secrets to the Blackbeak design." Ves concluded. "He’ll come up with something identical or apply what he’s learned from me to his own design once the EME is done with the contract."
 "Oh. That sounds plausible. We probably shouldn’t give them the opportunity to steal your hard work, then."
 Ves shook his head. "If it’s a choice between Vaun, Vikaris and EME, I’d pick the last one any time. Even if they’re greedy, they’re well worth the effort."
 He already made his choice, and not just because he had a bad impression of Vaun and Vikaris. Gavin missed out on a couple of reasons which made EME the most suitable manufacturer for the LMC to collaborate.
 Out of the three mech manufacturers in consideration, Ves had already picked his favorite. Vaun Industrial and Vikaris Mechs both had their benefits, but Andar Neverland’s Elemental Mech Engineering took the cake.
 Unfortunately, his board didn’t think so. When Ves returned to Marcella’s conference room next day, he encountered a bunch of bewildering stares as he laid out his choice.
 Even Marcella seemed dumbfounded. "Ves, EME is the least attractive partner by far. They have the least amount of production lines and they pay out the least in terms of credits. It doesn’t make any economic sense to go with the worst offer."
 According to the licensing terms they negotiated up to this point, EME promised to pay the LMC only 2.5 million credits per Blackbeak. This contrasted sharply with the 3.5 million credits per mech offered by Vaun and a whopping 5 million credits per mech offered by Vikaris.
 "If you’ve visited all of their production facilities with your own eyes, you’ll know that EME is better than the rest. Mr. Neverland’s company offers a number of benefits that the other two manufacturers won’t be able to realize."
 "Let’s hear it then, Ves."
 "First, and most importantly, quality control." Ves raised his finger to emphasize this priority. "Even though the bronze label Blackbeaks are our lowest tier products, they will still sell for at least 50 million credits per copy. Such a price demands we ensure that every mech is up to snuff."
 The director from Bentheim shook his head. "That’s not a sufficient reason to choose EME over Vaun. Certainly, the Haston-based Vikaris Mechs has a spotty track record in terms of quality, but Vaun has a lengthy track record of producing high quality mechs at an extremely fast rate of production. Right now, the spike in demand for the Blackbeak won’t last, so it’s imperative we push as many Blackbeaks into their hands before the hype runs out."
 Most of the other directors agreed with his reasoning. Vaun Industrial possessed the scale and professionalism to meet any of their client’s demands. With a seemingly endless amount of production lines spread over three massive complexes, they could increase their production on a dime if the Blackbeak turns out to be an enduringly popular model.
 Ves shook his head. "Is Vaun able to maintain a consistent output? No doubt. Yet their production lines aren’t configured in a way that brings out the best qualities of the Blackbeak. I designed my knight to be assembled one by one, which is the production method that EME used for their own mechs. It’s a bit slower, I can admit that, but it preserves some of the craftsmanship the Blackbeak is intended to convey."
 Nobody really understood his point. The goal of mass producing the Blackbeak was to produce as many copies as possible at the lowest price for a given level of quality. That Vaun used a matrix of production equipment to assemble their mechs should be to their benefit.
 Marcella tried to explain the rationale to Ves. "The bronze label is meant to present accessibility and cost savings. It’s okay if a couple of parts don’t perform as expected. They also won’t care about the craftsmanship put into their products. They simply want the best performance without going bankrupt."
 "Vaun Industrial is a massive manufacturer as well." Someone else said. "If our most optimistic projections of the Blackbeak’s demand turn out to be true, then EME will be hard-pressed to squeeze out more mechs than they are already pumping out. Four production lines don’t amount to much."
 "We can always contract a second manufacturer if needed." Ves waved away the excuse. "If the Blackbeak turns out to be a bestseller, then our negotiating power will obviously be higher than now. We’ll easily be able to impose a higher licensing fee on our next partners."
 His grandfather added a rare word of support. "Ves is correct. Right now, nobody is able to determine for certain whether the Blackbeak possesses any mass appeal. It’s a mech that sells for a premium price, so even with all of the heightened interest in the model, we won’t be selling thousands of copies at an instant."
 Someone with a marketing background echoed those words. "A high level of attention doesn’t automatically translate to a high number of sales. A new model like the Blackbeak still has to prove its worth in the field. The duel was a good start, but it’s only a single incident. At this price level, many buyers will be reticent on purchasing an expensive mech without a substantial track record."
 Not everyone agreed with that assessment. The board split in half whether the Blackbeak would sell the most at the start or down the line.
 Marcella turned back to Ves. "You haven’t finished laying out your reasons for choosing EME."
 "Thank you, Marcella. Let me tell you the second reason."
 He activated a projector and showed them all a summary of Andar Neverland’s biography. At first glance, it didn’t contain anything of interest, mainly due to the mech designer’s continuous obsession with improving his Klemson striker design. He had never expanded his catalog with anything other than variants of the original Klemson.
 "What are we supposed to look at?"
 "When I visited EME and talked to Mr. Neverland, I noticed that he doesn’t spend much time talking about his roots. He only briefly mentioned that he got his passion for Striker mechs from his mentor. Look at this biography. Can you spot who his mentor might be?"
 "It’s the Honorable Alazar Crux!"
 "The Senior Mech Designer?"
 "It’s him!"
 Everyone took notice of the illustrious name. Officially, the Bright Republic didn’t retain any Master Mech Designers, so those at the rank of Senior pretty much called the shots. In the hierarchy of Bentheim mech designers, Alastar Crux pretty much sat near or at the top.
 In turn, it was a big deal if the Honorable Mr. Crux mentored Andar Neverland.
 "To be honest, I got the feeling that Mr. Neverland is only a passing student of Mr. Crux. A mentorship isn’t as intimate as an apprenticeship." Ves cautioned them all. "Still, a definite link exists between the two. I can feel the subconscious pride radiating from Neverland whenever we spoke."
 "If Neverland only possesses a loose relationship with Crux, then how does that affect us?"
 "The reason why Mr. Neverland is rather stubborn about the licensing fees is because he doesn’t actually feel much urgency to go into bed with us. If worst comes to worst, he can go back to his mentor and beg for a bailout. The only reason he hasn’t done so yet is because it would be a humiliating stain on his record."
 "And that matters because...?"
 Ves raised his palm. "It matters because if we’re able to tide the EME past their liquidity crisis, we’ll be doing both Mr. Neverland and the Honorable Mr. Crux a favor. Don’t forget that a failing former student also reflects badly on Crux. After all, couldn’t he have brought up Mr. Neverland in a better fashion?"
 The mech industry judged mech designers who started their own businesses with a different standard than eccentrics that only pumped out designs all day.
 The success of a mech company reflected well on a mech designer. After all, if his designs generated a lot of sales, then that meant the mech designer must be good. Vice versa, if sales plummeted for some reason, then the mech designer must be awful.
 In a sense, Andar Neverland wasn’t a good mech designer because his Klemson design couldn’t compete against the mainstream models in the same class. Ves took what happened to Neverland as a cautionary tale of depending too much on a single design line.
 Someone asked the critical question. "Will the Honorable Mr. Crux actually acknowledge our efforts if we aid Mr. Neverland?"
 Nobody truly knew the answer. Perhaps the old man never took notice of the troubles his former student accrued. Still, Ves believed that Crux cared a lot about his reputation, especially since he had reached the zenith of what a mech designer could achieve in the Republic.
 "Don’t forget that Mr. Crux is highly influential in the upper echelons of the mech industry." His grandfather added. "He’s not only a professor emeritus of the Ansel University of Mech Design, but he also sits on the Bentheim Mech Court."
 A couple of people nodded seriously. Even though the MTA oppressively interfered with the trade and use of mechs, the Bright Republic also maintained their own regulatory systems. The Bentheim Mech Court was the ultimate arbiter of disputes between mech designers and mech pilots in the Bentheim region.
 Beyond issuing rulings between quarreling parties, the Bentheim Mech Court also worked closely with the government and the Mech Corps in other matters.
 Most importantly, the Mech Court decided who to draft and where to allocate them in the event of war. Thus, having Crux owe Ves a favor might contribute to a cushy assignment once the latest Bright-Vesia War broke out.
 Even if the board didn’t care about his posting, they did care a lot about the future of the LMC in the event of war. The Mech Court also worked closely with administration to determine which mech manufacturers deserved support and which companies should be left out in the lurch.
 The discussion basically ended at that point. Opportunities to establish a connection with a Senior Mech Designer didn’t come very often. Ves wanted to seize the moment and sign a contract before anyone else heard about the hole the EME had fallen into. They lucked out that Neverland approached them first.
 Certainly, not everyone agreed to the decision to rule out Vaun Industrial, but the board could squawk all they wanted. Even without his grandfather’s support, he could make whatever decisions he wished as long as he held a majority of the LMC’s shares.
 Ves left the conference room with an upbeat pace. Marcella followed him out with an expression of doubt.
 "I’m not sure you made the right choice there, Ves." She said. "It’s rather optimistic to expect gratitude from Crux. The man can be a bit of a codger. It’s doubtful whether he’ll bother to return the favor at some later point in the future at all."
 "You’re right, but remember that’s only one of the reasons why I chose to go with EME. Out of all the manufacturers in consideration, only EME has the heart to appreciate mechs. The other two manufacturers merely see their production as a means to an end. That’s not compatible with the LMC’s philosophy."
 Marcella blew out her lungs in exasperation. "Philosophy doesn’t mean anything compared to cold hard cash. Don’t get caught up too much in your marketing speak. Make sure your company is able to earn a profit before you chase after unicorns."
 Her words reflected a vast amount of experience seeing many mech designers fail due to trying to fulfill a fanciful goal, to the point of running their businesses to the ground. Ves was aware of those examples, but he had his own principles to uphold.
 "A mech designer has to flexible sometimes, but those who go too far and abandon all propriety end up as outcasts. I don’t want to become a person who mindlessly chases after profits."
 He bid goodbye to Marcella and left the brokerage with Gavin. He relayed a number of instructions through his assistant. The LMC had to conclude its negotiations with EME and finalize a contract at the end of the week. Ves wanted production to start as fast as possible and he didn’t see any point in dancing around the issue any longer.
 "I’ll deliver my design for the bronze label Blackbeak as well. I want every formalities to be done by the time we sign the contract."
 The LMC had a lot to do. Ves still needed to fabricate nineteen gold label Blackbeaks in order to fulfill the orders he received during his debut. Ves hoped to proliferate his best mechs as widely as possible so that more people would hear about its strengths.
 "The war also isn’t very far away from breaking out. The Vesians can begin their invasion at any time."
 Once the Vesians pulled the trigger, all hell would break loose.
 The LMC moved quickly in the next couple of days. They hammered out an agreement with Elemental Mech Engineering while Ves finished deriving the silver label and bronze label versions of the original Blackbeak design.
 Both of the mechs featured near-identical specs to the gold label version. Ves mainly simplified the complicated sculptured exterior into straight, smooth surfaces that wouldn’t be as much of a challenge to produce.
 More specifically, he tweaked the silver label Blackbeak to go well with the Dortmund printer. He knew the capabilities of his equipment best, so he could easily retain any features that his company could still achieve on their own.
 On the other hand, the bronze label Blackbeak truly represented a simplification of the original design. He not simplified the exterior even further, he also adjusted the internals to reduce the rate of errors.
 For both designs, Ves did his best to retain their original X-Factor. Even though they’d lose much of their strength during the fabrication process, Ves still saw hope of some spark of survival in his products.
 That was also an important factor why he went with EME. They offered the best hope of keeping the X-Factor alive.
 He did his work on the flight back to Cloudy Curtain. Ves saw no need to remain at Bentheim. He wanted to get back to the workshop and start on processing his latest orders as soon as possible.
 Three days later, the Barracuda landed at his home planet’s spaceport. Ves and his entourage entered an armored shuttle that brought him back to home.
 He idly played with Lucky while Melkor stared out of the viewscreen. Meanwhile, Gavin quietly corresponded with the office the LMC recently established in Bentheim.
 For now, the branch in Bentheim focused on marketing and liaising with EME. Ves expected the branch to hire a lot of people to manage all of the responsibilities on its shoulders.
 That reminded Ves of Raella’s lengthy absence. "Where is Raella now?"
 "She’s having the time of her life, I bet." Melkor sighed, rubbing his visor with his palm. "Her parents won’t approve of her boyfriend. Dietrich isn’t exactly an upstanding citizen."
 Ves shared his cousin’s concerns. "I don’t get what Raella sees in him. She can do much better."
 Neither of them really understood girls, so they merely scratched their heads and remained clueless.
 At least they understood mechs. Ves turned his attention back to his designs. The silver label and bronze label designs acquired the code names BP-B-01 and BP-C-01 respectively, making it clear where they placed in the hierarchy of the Blackbeak product line.
 "Melkor, you’ve been keeping touch with the other Larkinsons in our generation, right?"
 "I am. What do you want to know?"
 "What do they think about the upcoming war?"
 "It’s an opportunity to make their mark." Melkor stated, as if the horrors of war meant nothing to him. "We’ve been raised on the stories of our parents and grandparents about the glory they earned from the battlefields of yesterday."
 "So you think it’s your turn now. Aren’t you all afraid of losing your lives along the way?"
 "If we die, we die. No Larkinson has shied away from death." Melkor stiffly declared. "It’s our greatest responsibility to fight on behalf of the family and the Republic. No matter how tough it gets, we will never falter."
 Ves had never underwent the kind of training that the potentates in his family had received. He found the blind devotion a little disconcerting.
 It reminded him of Barley’s unyielding loyalty to the Exilis Domain.
 Sometimes, it was easy to forget that mechs depended on their human pilots. It didn’t matter if a state boasted huge numbers of high quality mechs. Without a motivated fighting force, all of those mechs would collapse at the first blow.
 In the endless wars that had been fought during the Age of Mechs, plenty of upsets had occurred. There were even times when a loose alliance of third-rate states had turned the tables against a technologically and numerically superior second-rate state.
 These examples showcased the importance of raising everyone’s morale. Ves realized for the first time how deep his family had committed to the Republic, and how much he missed out due to his inability to pilot mechs.
 The shuttle eventually arrived at the workshop. Ves strode straight to the workshop with Lucky in his grasp.
 "The boss is back!"
 "Congratulations for your win, boss!" 
 The mech technicians laid down their work and applauded Ves like a hero who achieved glory on the battlefield. Ves considered these men and women to be his closest employees, so he took his time to smile and speak some words about his experience.
 Eventually, he sent them back to work called over Carlos and and Chief Cyril.
 "I heard about the licensing thing from administration." Chief Cyril spoke first. "Are you truly willing to let the Blackbeak be produced by someone else?"
 "Missing out on those potential sales is even worse. It’s best if we can do everything in-house, but if not then there’s nothing wrong with leaning on a third-party manufacturer. These kinds of arrangements happen all the time."
 Chief Cyril shook his head. "They happen all the time, alright, but they don’t always end well. Mechs are highly complicated products that require the right equipment and the right people to produce. I can tell you a dozen horror stories at the top of my head where mech designers got duped by unscrupulous manufacturers."
 "We’ve done our due diligence." Ves replied. "The contract we signed with EME is also fairly strict about these matters. They won’t get away if they decide to pull the wool over our eyes."
 EME’s persisted in keeping their licensing fees as low as possible. Perhaps aware that their offer wouldn’t be attractive, their negotiators relented on everything else, so long as it didn’t lower their potential earnings.
 "About those contract terms, I’m going to need a senior hand to keep an eye on their production." Ves pointed at Carlos. "You’re it."
 "Why me?!"
 "Because Chief Cyril is indispensable. I need him to watch over my workshop. As for the other mech technicians, they’re too junior to be of any value. That leaves only you. You’re my best man. I won’t have any concerns about EME if I know you’re there."
 Carlos slumped in defeat. "Okay, you’re right. I’ll do it then, but I don’t want to be stuck there forever. I already did a stint at quality control, I don’t want to end up doing the same job again."
 Ves weighed the matter for a bit. "Two months should be long enough. By that time, they’ll have gotten used to the standards I’ve imposed. We can set a regular rotation where some of our local mech technicians get to go on an extended trip to Bentheim to take over your duties."
 "I’m not sure whether they’re seasoned enough to spot any funny business, but that sounds like a good idea." Chief Cyril nodded in agreement. "Our mech technicians haven’t seen much of how far mech manufacturing can go. Allowing them to experience a bigger company’s production facilities will do wonders in broadening their perspectives."
 Even though EME had idled all of their production, Ves still got a good impression of their work methods. Andar Neverland cared a lot about his mechs, to the point of going deep in depth to upgrade and expand his fabrication equipment. Unable to come up with something better than his Klemson design, he instead focused on improving his production lines.
 "Hopefully, everyone will be able to get a turn. I hope the LMC will be able to expand its production lines in the same manner as the EME."
 Chief Cyril bumped Ves on the head. "Mr. Neverland is how many years old now? He’s in the business for at least thirty years. You’ve got a lot more potential than him when he was your age. Aim for something higher."
 Ves appreciated the vote of confidence. The chief also reminded him that he shouldn’t get too caught up in the present. The Blackbeak was merely the first of many amazing products coming from his hand.
 "Alright, enough dilly-dallying around!" He clapped. "Let’s get to work with fabricating those gold label mechs!"
 Everyone released a minor cheer. Even though most of the mech technicians wouldn’t be doing anything important, they would still get to witness their boss at work. Ves also hoped his mech technicians paid attention because he planned to sell only silver label Blackbeaks under his own company’s auspices from this point onwards.
 While Ves started pulling up his sleeves, light-years away from Cloudy Curtain, something momentous occurred in the depths of interstellar space.
 A small convoy of trade vessels escorted by a trio of mercenary carriers quietly plied the trade routes between the Bright Republic and its neighbors. Trading directly between the Republic and the Kingdom was prohibited, but a lot of traders got around that restriction by stopping by a couple of neutral states before they reached their destination.
 The convoy transitioned into FTL a couple of days ago, and had reached the midpoint of their final leg of their journey to the port system of Bentheim. At the head of the convoy flew the biggest carrier, the Calcardon.
 The carrier owed her size due to her origins as a decommissioned cargo hauler. A Republican mercenary corps called the Barbed Lynxes bought the old vessel at a bargain and converted her interior to hold a mix of landbound and spaceborn mechs.
 The Barbed Lynxes did well for themselves after they acquired the larger vessel. Although the Calcardon’s speed left a lot to be desired, she excelled in convoy missions where she escorted fully-laden trade vessels as sluggish as the converted carrier.
 Inside the bridge, the captain of the ship yawned in boredom. "Nothing ever happens on this trade route. Where have all the pirates gone to?"
 "Knock it off, Captain Spencer. You’re tempting fate with your talk. I’d rather we finish our mission without a fight."
 "Oh, come on Commander Leife, I was just joking. It’s just that you hear about the pirates stalking the trade routes and ambushing anyone who emerges into a remote system. It makes my hair stand on ends for months now."
 The old grey-haired commander crossed her arms. "I’m close to retirement already. I’d like to get out of this business by the end of the year and leave the Komodo Star Sector before everything sinks into chaos. I’d appreciate it if you don’t test our luck."
 "Aye aye, commander!" The captain saluted her in a lazy manner.
 Not a lot of officers manned the bridge right now. Nothing ever happened to the Calcardon during FTL unless the crew messed something up. Half the consoles faced empty seats.
 An alert sounded out from one of the consoles. The officer in charge of sensors and communications woke up from his daze and blearily looked at the alert the Calcardon sent out. "Skipper, the gravitic sensors are glitching out again. They’re telling me that we’re about to enter a planet’s gravity well!"
 Captain Spencer adjusted his captain’s hat and sat up straight from his seat. He pulled up a projections of the sensor readings in front of him. "Goddamn those yard monkeys. I told them to replace the sensor modules! They must have polished up the old ones while billing us the cost of installing some new ones! Those scam artists!"
 "Uhm, skipper? What do I do about the sensor readings? Should we drop out of FTL as a precaution?"
 "Out of the question! We’ll have to halt the entire convoy as a result, and we have to wait for hours until our FTL drives go through their cycles. We’ll also waste an enormous amount of fuel in the process. Remain in FTL. There aren’t any planets or star systems on this route.."
 The junior officer reluctantly dropped his caution, but his console suddenly lit up as the Calcardon received a number of messages from the other ships in the convoy.
 "Skipper! The other ships report that they’re detecting a gravity well in front of us too! We’re getting dangerously close now!"
 This finally woke the captain up. "Damn it! Some kind of stellar mass must have wandered into our route! Commander Leife, our FTL drives aren’t calibrated to swing past that gravity well!"
 "Then stop the convoy! Pull us out of FTL!"
 After the commander passed the word, the entire convoy lurched out of FTL and transitioned into realspace. They drifted about aimlessly, half-clueless why they had to interrupt their sleepy journey.
 Inside the bridge of the Calcardon, the captain called the entire crew to battle stations. Officers poured in from the hatch and hopped behind the empty consoles. They all furiously worked to figure out what happened.
 "Skipper!" An officer called. "We’ve analyzed the sensor readings. According to our calculations, we’re five light-hours away from a rogue planet!"
 The captain cursed for a bit. Rogue planets basically consisted of planets that had been knocked away from their solar systems for some reason or another and traversed a wandering path, sometimes interfering with FTL travel. Most of the time, these rogue planets consisted of frozen rocks of gas giants.
 "Sir... new readings have come in! The planet is glowing! If our analysis is correct, the entire planet is riddled with exotics!"
 That single announcement changed everything.
 The entire convoy went up in arms about the sudden discovery.
 Cargo ships and carriers converted from cargo ships generally didn’t possess great sensors. If they all detected strong readings of exotics at a distance of five light-hours, then the planet up ahead must be riddled with highly active exotic substances.
 So high, in fact, that it must be worth as much as the gross domestic product of an average third-rate state like the Bright Republic.
 Commander Leife, the woman in charge of the convoy, convened a hasty conference among the ship captains and senior mercenary officers.
 She gazed at the eyes of Captain Spencer before glancing at the various projections of the other men and women. Almost every ship belonged to a different owner, complicating her efforts to rein in their impulses.
 She reserved the most wary looks to the other two mercenary commanders in the convoy. Both of them rode in medium-sized carriers that would be able to overwhelm the Calcardon if they teamed up against the Barbed Lynxes.
 "First things first. You all shut off your quantum entanglement nodes, right? It’s not enough to flip a switch. I hope you all disconnected the hardware from the rest of your ships."
 All of the captains nodded seriously. They all knew that as soon as they discovered something valuable, the first thing they had to do was to prevent it from spreading all over the galactic net.
 Turning off their quantum entanglement nodes had been their first or second actions upon receiving word of the momentous discovery.
 "Alright folks, we all know why we’re here. Let’s talk about the Glowing Planet."
 They called it the Glowing Planet, for its very visible luminescence that lit up the planet like a star. At this distance, it could be spotted from the naked eye, which was very rare for a rogue planet drifting in the middle of interstellar space with no nearby star to reflect its surface.
 It was as if a juicy pheasant decided to put on a coat of bright lights to make it more attractive to another predators that wanted a taste of its flesh.
 Captain Spencer began to summarize the estimates the entire convoy had made so far. "The Glowing Planet is about the size of a small planet or a large moon. We’re not quite sure if it started off as the former or the latter before it got pushed out of its star system. Whatever the case, the trauma of the event has warped the planet to the point of tearing up its entire shape."
 A projection appeared of the Glowing Planet in question. The planet took on a slight egg-like shape as if it had been stretched by a pair of god-sized hands. The stretching caused the entire crust of the planet to crack, which inadvertently revealed rich deposits of exotics.
 A mercenary officer rudely interrupted the briefing. "Let’s skip all of the nerdy stuff and get to the real question that matters. How valuable are those deposits?"
 "Not as much as you’d think." Captain Spencer cautioned. "The planet likely originated from the galactic heartland instead of the galactic center, so it mostly contains junk exotics."
 Everyone’s faces started to fall. So-called junk exotics referred to valuable materials that ranked at the bottom of the hierarchy of exotic materials. While they held significant value in even smaller quantities, they couldn’t be relied on to construct a quality mech without pairing them up with other, more valuable exotics.
 That said, the planet still represented a floating mound of cash in space. Captain Spencer passed around a list of exotics they detected so far. "There isn’t anything exciting in this list, but what’s notable is that all of these exotics are getting harder to import from the other Star Sectors. This means that the Friday Coalition and the Hexadric Hegemony will be sending out a massive fleet to secure the Glowing Planet as soon as they hear about its existence."
 That sent much of the people present in a tizzy. The two dominant second-rate states of the Komodo Star Sector often took what it wanted by force.
 Commander Leife already made her decision. "Considering the spotty history of those two states, I suggest we don’t sell the coordinates of the planet to either of them. The planet is valuable, yes, but not so much that they will feel obliged to thank us for the tip."
 None of them objected to her decision. The Hexadric Hegemony was famously hostile to outsiders while the Coalition was too fractured to present a united front. Some of the more despotic partners might even decide to kill them all off in order to keep the coordinates under wraps.
 "Who can we turn to then to sell the coordinates of the Glowing Planet?"
 The question resulted in a brief tug-of-war as the captains and mercenary officers proposed various possible powers. Complicating the matter was that nearly every ship in the convoy came from different states. This allowed them to cross various borders without problem, but it also complicated the decision on who to approach.
 Commander Leife personally preferred to sell the coordinates to the Bright Republic, but another captain who hailed from the Vesia Kingdom insisted on approaching them instead. Various rivalries came to the fore as each captain wanted to take this opportunity to earn kudos from their home states.
 "This is getting nowhere." Captain Spencer slammed the table with his fist. "I don’t think we’ll be able to sell it to a single state without pissing someone off. Who can tell if any disgruntled captain won’t go behind our backs and reconnect their quantum entanglement nodes again?"
 "Then who should we sell it then?"
 "Maybe someone neutral, like the MTA or CFA. They maintain a standard policy concerning these kinds of discoveries. They always keep their word."
 "Yeah, but the rewards they hand out amount to nothing more than a pittance!"
 Spencer nodded in a grave manner. "It’s just a flat finder’s fee instead of a percentage of the gains."
 Nobody could hide the greed in their eyes. Who hadn’t heard of stories where entire crews grew rich overnight by discovering a lucky find and negotiating a share of the profits of the resulting venture?
 It was one of the stories that always perpetuated into legends. Every space farer hoped to stumble onto a find like the Glowing Planet.
 Some of the more conservative captains expressed support at the idea of approaching the MTA or CFA, but others who wanted a bigger payout clung on to alternatives. The entire discussion reached a deadlock, with no possible compromise in sight.
 Commander Leife tiredly rubbed her eyes. She knew as well as anyone present that if they tried to impose a decision, that there’d be rebels who would secretly try to sell the information behind their backs. None of the mercenary corps in the convoy maintained any significant security officers aboard the cargo transports to maintain sufficient control.
 "Alright, this is clearly getting nowhere." She said, interrupting the latest argument between two rival ship captains. "Instead of picking one state over the other, why not sell the coordinates to as many states as we can? Heck, it doesn’t even have to be a state. Sell it to a major corporation or a pirate group, I don’t care."
 "That’s a great idea." A rival mercenary commander remarked. "We can all earn our paydays because the people who we are trading with won’t want to let the other states know about the coordinates."
 "We can’t keep selling the same coordinates over and over to anyone we approach. The people who are negotiating on behalf of their states aren’t stupid. They’ll force us to sign a non-disclosure agreement."
 "Then make it clear that you’re only selling the coordinates on behalf of your own ship or mercenary corps! That will surely hasten their urgency, since the longer they try to stall, the sooner their rivals will send out a fleet."
 That last bit proved to be a little bit controversial, but eventually everyone adopted the idea. Without a central leader to impose total control, it was best to let the individual leaders try to earn their own paydays.
 As soon as the meeting ended, every captain scrambled to reconnect their quantum entanglement nodes. Aboard the Calcardon, Captain Spencer already left the conference room in order to race down the decks to supervise the procedure.
 As for Commander Leife, sent a mental apology to her home state. The Glowing Planet had currently drifted into the nominal borders of the Bright Republic, and would only depart from their territory a couple of years later.
 With the heightened state of tension between the Republic and the Kingdom, she suspected that this discovery might end up being the spark that blew up the tentative peace between the two. She felt as if she betrayed her home.
 "I’m sorry, but I just want to earn a fair share."
 While the convoy started to sell the valuable coordinates of the Glowing Planet, back at Cloudy Curtain, Ves proceeded to reduce his backlog of orders.
 He wiped the sweat from his brow as he left the cockpit of his latest Blackbeak. He fabricated it in record time, having managed to reduce the time needed to complete a copy down to two days instead of the three he needed from the start.
 Of the entire fabrication process, Ves always loved the very end, where he entered the cockpit in order to affix the gold labels underneath the center console and affix one of Lucky’s gems in place.
 He could have left the job to a simple bot, but Ves enjoyed the personal interaction between himself and his mechs. Every machine he completed in this manner solidified the direction of his nascent design philosophy.
 Slowly but surely, Ves began to lean towards a lifelong quest to maximize the value out of every single mech produced from his hand.
 "How many mechs have I made so far?"
 "This is the tenth copy out of the current batch." Chief Cyril answered as he arranged to transport the newly completed mech from the workshop. "You’ve got nine more to go before you’re done."
 Less than a month had passed since the duel. Much had changed since that time. The outcome of the duel had far-reaching effects for the LMC.
 First, the Blackbeak proved to be an enduring success. When mech portals managed to get their hands of the rare and exclusive gold label Blackbeaks, they gave out universally positive reviews. Even if their price leaned on the higher side, the gold label mechs remained consistently in reasonably high demand.
 Unfortunately for Ves, the bronze label versions received a mixed reception. The first copies of the Blackbeaks fresh off the EME’s production lines proved to be rather rough. Neverland’s company faced a stiffer learning curve than they expected due to the difficulty of working with the alloys used to form the Veltrex armor system.
 EME actually lost more money than they gained due to being forced to replace the defective armor plating after they already sold the mechs.
 Ves silently cursed the greedy Mr. Neverland. If the third-party manufacturer had caught the defects before they sold the mechs, they would have been able to recycle the faulty plating and recoup the majority of the costs. But no, Mr. Neverland skimmed on the quality control in order to cash in as quickly as possible.
 "How is Carlos doing at EME? Has he finally managed to get a grip on their quality control?"
 "He’s been trying." Chief Cyril replied. He regularly kept in touch with Carlos in order to mentor him about how to enact changes without being too direct. "It’s difficult to suggest any meaningful changes without stepping on their toes. Neverland is very self-absorbed for a mech designer, but what works for his Klemsons doesn’t always fit with the Blackbeaks. Their armor systems are just too different from each other."
 Ves considered laying down his work to take another trip to Bentheim. "Carlos has to find a way to get Mr. Neverland to listen."
 "That’s a tall order for Carlos. Neverland isn’t inclined to listen to a failed mech designer."
 "The man should know that Carlos speaks on my behalf. I expressly insisted in the contract that the EME should seriously consider any suggestions made by any liaisons we send out."
 "Good luck trying to enforce those terms without pissing Mr. Neverland off."
 Despite his grumbles, Ves was reasonably content with the arrangement. He already expected some hiccups at the start.
 The EME already managed to produce a total of thirty mechs since the LMC extended the license to them. That was already far more than what the LMC could achieve at it best. The third-party manufacturer’s four production lines pumped out enough mechs to satisfy the most urgent demand for now.
 Quality went up with each additional mech they produced as well. Reviews started to turn positive again, to the point where demand for the model increased.
 It would have been better if Dumont didn’t come back from the dead.
 Ves took a small break after finishing up the latest mech. After that, he stopped by the office to speak with Gavin about the competition.
 "How is Dumont doing these days?"
 "He’s very aggressive in trying to sell the Havalax." Gavin replied, and called up a projection of the ads that had popped up recently. "If you look closely, most of the ads emphasize the Havalax’s amazing price-performance ratio. The standard price has dropped to 50 million credits, but a number of buyers are taking advantage of discounts that can go as deep as ten percent off."
 The aggressive promotion coupled with the heavy discounts and price cuts served to slow the bleeding of Dumont’s company. After losing a whole bunch of orders after losing the duel, the rival mech designer actually gained enough new orders to sell as much mechs as he could produce.
 "I guess a month is long enough for memories of the duel to fade. If you leave out its recent history, the Havalax is a pretty decent design, so I shouldn’t be surprised that its starting to sell again." Ves disgruntledly concluded. "Still, its production costs should be higher than the Blackbeak. I’m nearly certain that he’s making a loss if he sells his mechs for 45 million credits."
 "It’s not about making a profit at this point. Dumont is trying to make everyone forget about the duel by putting as much copies of his Havalax in circulation as possible. All the stories his buyers spread as a result will slowly push away the past into obscurity."
 Clearly, Dumont’s strategy worked. He had essentially overwritten the collective memories of the public with a more positive message about his mechs.
 The revitalized competition forced the LMC to up their game and boost their marketing. They already coordinated with Marcella to flood the Bentheim region in all kinds of promotions that raised the profile of the bronze label and silver label Blackbeaks.
 The sad thing about it was that the LMC spent far more on these campaigns than what they got back from the EME in licensing fees.
 "That’s going to change in a couple of months." Gavin predicted. "The marketing is a bit heavy-handed because the public has only heard about your exclusive gold label mechs, which are very hard to obtain. We still have to let the market know that there are cheaper and more abundant alternatives available."
 Ves didn’t argue about the need to invest in marketing. He simply found it disconcerting to be throwing millions of credits away each day.
 Still, unlike Dumont’s company, the LMC earned far more money than they spent. Much of it could also be attributed to their new contract with Marcella. She kept her word and devoted a lot of her own money in helping to promote the Blackbeak.
 "By the way, Calsie’s been wanting to meet with you. A lot has changed on this planet as well."
 Ah. With all of his attention directed to Bentheim, Ves forgot about his backyard. He did hear a few things from his employees on how Cloudy Curtain felt a lot of pride for his recent achievements. Still, he didn’t hear too much beyond that considering he holed himself up in his workshop trying to finish his batch of orders as quickly as possible.
 He nodded to Gavin. "Send her to my office. It’s about time I received an update on the situation on the ground."
 Ves took care of a couple of other matters, like feeding an increasingly radiant Lucky. He could clearly feel his pet had almost reached the point of saturation before he triggered another evolution.
 "Eat well, but not too much, okay? I’d still like to cuddle you in my arms once in a while."
 "Meow!"
 Lately, there hadn’t been many threats for Lucky to take care of. The security detachment from Sanyal-Ablin easily took care of the occasional fans and crazies trying to sneak into the workshop. They also caught and disabled most of the microscoping spy drones sent in their way.
 Fortunately, Lucky possessed keen enough senses to sniff out the remainder that proved to be too advanced for the workshop’s current security suite to detect. Ves held off on upgrading his security package until the company moved to a larger site.
 Ves winked at his pet before heading to his office. The cramped office attached to the workshop building became increasingly more crowded lately as the company started to do more than making and selling mechs.
 It gladdened him to see he built his company up to the point where it could be called a genuine medium mech manufacturer. If Ves factored in the EME, then the goal of selling more than a thousand mechs in the LMC’s second fiscal year would definitely be met.
 "Ves! It’s been some time since I last saw you."
 "Haha, my apologies for that. I’ve been busy, as you know. Have you finished your studies yet?"
 "Yup. I wasn’t able to rush my courses as fast as Gavin, but I’m all done now!"
 "That’s great to hear. Even if Maisie Duval has taken over much of your duties, I still prefer to deal with someone I trust like you. I’ll be depending on you to keep an eye on our home planet."
 Ves rarely talked to his managers these days. Jake and Primrose kept everything running smoothly without his input, just as he intended. He didn’t wish to be bothered by trivial minutiae that his underlings could take care of by themselves. He was far more comfortable in the workshop than the conference room.
 He only made an exception for Gavin and Calsie. They were around the same age and they had been with him from the start, so Ves didn’t feel the need to watch his words around the two.
 "Let me brief you on what’s happening on the streets."
 Calsie handed him a data pad that contained a mix of local news articles. They all profiled the the shift in public opinion with regards to Ves and the LMC.
 "THE LIVING MECH CORPORATION: A HOMEGROWN SENSATION - PUTTING CLOUDY CURTAIN ON THE MAP."
 "TOTAL MECH MANIA AS ENGULFED THE YOUNGER GENERATION! MECH HATERS MUST GET LOST!"
 "FRESLIN HAS OVERTAKEN ORINOCO AS CLOUDY CURTAIN’S TRENDIEST CITY - MECH FANATICS FLOCK TO THE HOMETOWN OF VES."
 "THE POLITICAL WINDS HAVE TURNED! THE GREENS AND THE WHITE DOVES ARE AT WIT’S END!"
 That last headline seemed especially important. "Tell me about the people at the top. Is the ruling coalition still thinking about raising taxes?"
 "They shelved those plans for an indefinite time right after you won your duel." Calsie reported. "You don’t have to worry about any new threats on that front. You and your company have pretty much become the public mascots of our planet. It’s political suicide to propose any bill that hinders the growth of the LMC."
 The LMC didn’t pay much taxes to the local government, so it didn’t actually benefit the local citizens directly. Maybe a couple of years from now, the LMC’s profits might reach the point where it represented a significant chunk of Cloudy Curtain’s GDP.
 Still, the citizens mainly cared about pride. The LMC became the planet’s standard bearer in a way the two major farming consortiums achieved. Calsie showed him plenty of indicators that noted this change of heart among the public.
 "That’s good to hear." Ves nodded. While he didn’t need the public’s love, it certainly didn’t hurt to benefit from it. "What about the Pioneers? I’ve only been hearing good things from them lately."
 Calsie had a strong connection to the Pioneers, so she should know best what went on with them these days. "The Pioneers recently became embroiled in a power struggle. The old guard wanted to stay aloof while the younger members supported more proactive policies."
 "I take it the latter won the power struggle?"
 "Yup. Most of those stubborn old goats got booted out of the member rolls by the new leadership that swept into power. Some of them retired, but a significant chunk defected to the White Doves."
 "Is that bad?"
 "Not really." Calsie dismissed any worries. "Sure, they know a lot of secrets, but by now most of what they know is obsolete. The Pioneers have transformed into a dynamic young movement now. And you can bet their main priorities is to see the LMC grow, thereby dragging the rest of the planet out of its squalor."
 "That’s a bit strong, don’t you think? People are hardly starving on the streets."
 "Neither are they finding any better opportunities. Lots of farmers are doing the same work their parents did, who in turn have taken over the work of their own parents. Social mobility is practically glacial compared to the glitzy Bentheim!"
 Ves became a little worried at Calsie’s enthusiasm. "Bentheim isn’t the best role model for a planet you want to live on. The best cities like Dorum and Ansel cost a fortune to live in. Some time ago, I promised my cousin Melinda a penthouse in downtown Dorum. Do you know how much money I ended up spending? 15 million credits!"
 "Still, the suburbs are-"
 "It’s even worse there. Places like Haston have become notorious for the breakdown in society there. It’s not a coincidence the Bentheim Liberation Movement initially rose up from that town."
 "Look, Ves, that all sounds worrisome, but Cloudy Curtain is not about to turn into a second Bentheim. With smart leadership at the helm, we’ll surely be able to swim past the rocks in the river."
 "Aspirations like that have a tendency to be derailed." He shook his head. "Anyway, it’s not my business to meddle with the Pioneers. They have nothing to do with me."
 "Your relations department doesn’t think so. They’ve been cautiously discussing some cooperative initiatives with the Pioneers."
 Ves forgot about that. He ordered the relations department to maintain friendly ties with the local power players. Mrs. Duval must have taken that as an order to move towards an informal alliance with whoever was willing to play ball.
 "Look, no offense, Calsie, but I don’t trust the Pioneers, even if they have a new coat of paint. It’s not in the LMC’s interests to get in bed with someone who can have a change of heart the next day."
 "If you say so, sir."
 This discussion went nowhere as well, so they quickly changed the topic. Still, Ves reminded himself to check with his chief relations officer and make it clear he wanted the LMC to remain neutral.
 "What else is on the agenda?"
 "There’s the plans to expand to a new site. Several architects in collaboration with Sanyal-Ablin have selected a suitable site further away from Freslin and drew up a final architectural plan."
 Calsie handed out another data pad, this time a thicker one with more enhanced security features. Ves actually had to authenticate his identity before he got to look at the drawings of the new manufacturing complex.
 If Ves had to describe it, he’d call it ambitious. The schematics of the exterior defenses
 reminded him of the star-shaped walls of the forward base on Groening IV. Sanyal-Ablin’s influence could be felt throughout the architectural drawings. Everything had been designed to survive and repel a minor planetary raid.
 "I see that much of the most important production occurs underground."
 "That’s correct." Calsie nodded. "As per your wishes, the surveyors have scanned and tested the terrain and found a site that provides a decent amount of buffer against limited orbital bombardment. It will hold out for a week at least."
 Much of the construction above the ground consisted of gleaming office buildings that Ves intended to serve as the LMC’s headquarters. Ves wouldn’t have to deal with cramped corridors anymore by the time they moved into this new place.
 Ves nodded in satisfaction after a couple of minutes. "I’m fairly satisfied with these plans. Still, it’s obvious that I’ll be paying a premium for all of this safety. What’s the price tag?"
 "Well, the architects have loosely estimated that it will take at least 500 million credits to construct the barebones version of the plans."
 "Half a billion credits!"
 His teeth already started to ache when he heard that sum. Just when he thought he could catch a break and rake in the profits, it turned out that he had to give the money away again if he wanted to prepare for the future. The LMC desperately needed to move out of their increasingly crowded location.
 A pair of light mechs matched blows against each other in a grungy underground mech arena. The skirmisher mech wielded a pair of knives while the swordsman mech wielded a single blade.
 A rowdy crowd exulted in the reverberations of the high speed impacts between the dueling mechs. Only the thick but cracked and worn out transparent panels protected them from the splintering shards of plating that the mechs shaved off from each other.
 One thing to note about the people was that they all wore similar color motifs. The lower ranked crowd wore shirts of red striped with diagonal black lines. The ranks above that made do with armbands of the same look, while the handful of leaders at the top wore exotic alloy rings that glistened in alternating red and black.
 More interestingly, the mechs, which featured the same coating of red with diagonal black stripes, consisted of outdated models. Neither their armor nor their speed could keep up with currentgen mechs, but that also made them cheap and easy to fabricate on the fly.
 From the reckless way in which they dueled, neither pilots gave a damn about conserving their machines. They danced at the edge of death in their reckless attempts to overpower their opposition.
 "Come on Raella!" Dietrich hollered. "Go for Mackarel’s left! He’s half-blind in that direction!"
 Like the others, he wore an armband bearing the colors of the Blood Claws, one of the most infamous gangs in Bentheim. Even though his main affiliation lay with Walter’s Whalers, he answered to the same boss as the rest.
 The skirmisher mech pulled out of the melee after leaving behind a criss cross of knife marks on the enemy mech. Raella’s voice emerged from the speakers. "You’re getting rather slow, aren’t you?"
 "I got much more in store for you than that, lassie!" The man inside the swordman mech broadcasted as he urged his mech to pursue his opponent.
 The swordsman mech hadn’t fared very well so far. Its pilot was older and more experienced than Raella, but he couldn’t match her in terms of technical skill.
 Raella deftly swerved her borrowed skirmisher mech to dodge the incoming hack. Her mech went in to leave behind another nick, only for her mech to receive a punch that pushed it back.
 "Get her, Mack! You can do it!"
 "Watch out for the legs as well, girlie!"
 That advice proved to be telling as Mackarel’s mech lashed out in a dangerous flurry of kicks. Raella’s mech barely dashed out of reach, and swiped its weapons forward to slice some layers off the extended leg before it drew back.
 That last attack had bit a little deep, causing the swordsman mech to suffer from unsteady footing. Raella took advantage of her opponent’s preoccupation and went all-in, shoving the unsteady sword aside before surgically stabbing the weak points of the vulnerable mech before it could recover.
 A huge cheer sounded out as the swordsman mech practically lost all of its connections to its limbs. The hapless mech collapsed onto its back like a puppet with its strings cut off.
 The ringleader enthusiastically announced the end of the duel. "And the winner is Raella Larkinson! She’s shown herself to be as capable as her famous cousin Melinda, but prettier by far!"
 The battered skirmisher mech opened its cockpit, allowing Raella to jump out and float down with her anti-grav clothes. She approached the cockpit of the fallen mech and waited for its cockpit to open up as well.
 A grizzled man wearing an armband and covered in tribal tattoos climbed out of his immobilized mech. He shook his head, trying to recover from the trauma of being inside a mech that fell onto its back. "If all the Larkinsons are like you, no wonder your family’s so renowned."
 "If you think I’m a big deal, you should see my uncle Ark."
 They shook hands, showing no hard feelings for each other. The hierarchy of the Blood Claws largely revolved around strength. They respected any man or woman who had the skills to back up their talk, and Raella proved herself in spades.
 The young woman quietly shook her head. Even though she trounced a cadre of the Blood Claws, she’d still be known as Melinda’s relative. Her cousin in the Planetary Guard had become a planet-wide phenomenon recently after she somehow made it through a grueling duel against a captain of the Mech Corps.
 Raella returned to the stands while the arena operators hauled away the mechs. Once she reached Dietrich’s side, he held out her hand. "Gimme my cut."
 Even as he handed over a credit chip, Dietrich swept the woman in his arms and engulfed her in a kiss.
 "Get off! I’m sweaty!" Raella punched her handsome boyfriend away with her strong physique.
 "I don’t care, babe. The more sweat, the better."
 Dietrich kept grinning at her as he attempted to keep the feisty woman in his embrace. Raella didn’t appreciate being treated like a doll and forcefully punched his stomach until he finally let go.
 The Blood Claw members sitting besides them laughed at the spectacle. "Can’t control your woman, Dietrich?"
 "Oh shot up Tumra. I don’t see you with a girl anywhere."
 "That’s because I have a different one in my bed every night!"
 Despite the crude talk and occasional roughhousing, Raella enjoyed her time with the Blood Claws. Even though she knew the Blood Claws did a lot of shady stuff out of sight, Dietrich’s presence opened up a lot of doors, while her strength earned her a lot of respect.
 The pair remained in the arena and watched the other fights that followed.
 Not all of the pilots consisted of Blood Claw members. A fair amount used to be mercenaries or mech athletes who fell into debt. The only way they could earn back their pay was to fight in an arena without rules.
 Sometimes, the pilots played rough to the point of targeting the cockpits of their opponent’s mech. The underground arena operated by the Blood Claws didn’t care about fatalities as long as it didn’t involve their own members.
 In fact, Raella already witnessed three fatalities so far. Compared to her initial revulsion at the sight of death when she accompanied Ves to Moira’s Paradise, this time she had grown hardened enough to shrug off any sympathies.
 As the night went on into the wee hours, Raella started getting sleepy. She stood up and wanted to drag Dietrich back to their accommodation, but a sudden broadcast stopped her in her tracks.
 The ongoing duel between a pair of fist fighting light mechs halted abruptly. Everyone dropped their conversations and no one moved a muscle as they recognized the voice.
 The gruff, hoary voice of Monty the Beheader himself broadcasted in the arena and everywhere else the Blood Claws reigned over. "Are you having a good time? Are you enjoying yourselves? Then cut your vacation short, because we have a job to do. There’s word out on the streets that there’s a fabled rogue planet is coasting along near the border of the Republic. They call it the Glowing Planet, and it’s named that way because it’s filled with so much riches that we can dine like kings until the heat death of the universe if we harvest it all."
 The sudden news landed like a bomb. Like any gang, the Blood Claws loved nothing more than to acquire more wealth, by any means possible.
 "The only downside is that every power in the Komodo Star Sector got their hands on the coordinates of the Glowing Planet. The Bright Republic, The Vesia Kingdom, hell, even the uptight Coalition and Hegemony are aware of its location!"
 Could they even compete if that had been the case?
 "You might be thinking what the Glowing Planet has to do with us. Well, even if it’s glowing like a bulb in space, it’s hardly a pinprick compared to brown dwarfs. The lack of a star also makes it hard to zero in an FTL drive to the planet unless you get within a dozen light-years or so. Do you know what that means?"
 Most of the Blood Claws scratched their heads. Stellar navigation had never been their strengths.
 "It means we’re closest, and therefore get to be there first! Sure, the Mech Corps and the other gangs will be sending out their fleets as well, but the Glowing Planet is big enough to let everyone grab a piece of the pie!"
 Now they understood what an opportunity this represented. Raella felt excited as well, even though she hadn’t formally joined the Blood Claws. She looked to Dietrich, hoping to join in on the action, only to receive a stern gaze.
 "This is far above our league, Raella." He whispered. "Something like this... there’s going to be a lot of fighting."
 "I’ve never shied away from a fight!"
 "This is different from a duel! The entire planet will be engulfed with greedy mech pilots who won’t be playing fair."
 The voice of Monty resumed speaking. "Since everyone that matters already know about the Glowing Planet, the big boys upstairs have hashed out an agreement. The Coalition and the Hegemony will both be preparing fleets of mech carriers to fight over the Glowing Planet. Since they’re far away and need some time to mobilize their forces, they’ve given everyone else a carte blanche to mine away for seventy days."
 A lot could be done in seventy days. Depending on the value of the exotic ores and how easy they could be extracted, a substantial mining expedition could easily harvest billions of credits worth of materials out of the ground.
 The people in the arena grew stoked at the idea of picking up a fortune off the ground.
 "Sharpen your claws and ready your mechs, because the Blood Claws will be grabbing a piece of the action! We set off in three days!"
 As the broadcast ended, everyone went wild at the prospect of taking part in this enormous venture.
 In the meantime, a lot had to be arranged. Monty’s organization had to decide who to send and who to hold back to defend their territories. They had to prepare their carriers and acquire other ones to accomodate all of the mechs and mining equipment they intended to bring along.
 The leaders already buzzed about as they received their own instructions. As for Raella, her eyes turned into swirls as she imagined the adventure of it all. She wanted to be part of the expedition. She stood up and climbed up the stands, heading straight towards the circle of leaders.
 Dietrich hastily followed after his girlfriend. "Raella? Don’t go up there! It’s dangerous!"
 The guards who stood in the way noticed her approach, but instead of halting her in her tracks, they wordlessly moved aside. Raella walked straight past their heavily-armored forms and drew attention from the older generation of Blood Claws.
 A bald man wearing the biggest ring of red and black looked over her pilot-suited form. "Ah, we have a distinguished guest. Miss Raella Larkinson, what can we do for you?"
 "I want in."
 Dietrich finally reached her side and gripped her arm, but he didn’t dare pull her back. He failed to stop her in time.
 The bald man looked wordlessly at Raella while the other leaders waited for his decision. He only considered the matter for a couple of seconds before he nodded. "Why not? You’re in."
 The brief exchange of words had sealed her fate. Dietrich minutely shook his head as he drew her out of the circle. Once they gained some distance, he scolded her for a fair bit.
 "That was dangerous as hell! Do you know who he is? He’s the left hand of Monty the Beheader! He could have decided to cut your head off on a whim!"
 "He wouldn’t dare." Raella smirked. Being a Larkinson had its perks. "Besides, I just showed everyone that I can pull my own weight. The Blood Claws will thank me for saving their hides."
 For the rest of the night, Dietrich remained concerned about Raella. He regretted taking her with him on a tour to Bentheim.
 While Raella jumped into her bed and fell asleep, Dietrich hunched over the other side of the bed and held up his comm. His finger hovered over the name of Ves.
 Over the next two weeks, Ves quickly finished off the remainder of the orders. Twenty-four gold label Blackbeaks had been forged from his hands. The only one that remained unsold was the first production model which still awaited repairs.
 He didn’t even know whether he should restore it to its original condition. It might hold more value in its damaged state as a piece of mech history.
 With each delivery they made, the money started rolling in. The LMC finally reached a state where they possessed a steady amount of liquidity, though much of the funds would soon be drained after they received approval to construct a new manufacturing complex.
 "How much did the mech technicians progress in their studies?"
 "They achieved a fair bit while you worked. Everyone has seen you do the same thing over and over." Chief Cyril reported as he supervised the preparation to shift over the production lines to fabricating the silver label Blackbeaks.
 As for the Mark II? The LMC already retired the model from the catalog. Its cheap price and outdated components didn’t fit in the company anymore.
 "What’s their success rate?"
 "The average results hover around ninety-three percent in the simulations. Most of them stumble when they have to fabricate those finicky armor pieces. The margin of error is too slim, but it helps that you don’t hide your methods. Lots of mech designers can be rather secretive. With the ample amount of recordings we’ve made, I don’t think they’ll have any excuses if they botch those parts."
 The real secret that distinguished his gold label mechs from the cheaper labels was the X-Factor. The interaction between Ves and any of his mechs and designed occurred entirely within the mental planes. Unless someone stuck him in a neural interface, no one would be able to figure out what went on in his mind when he worked on a mech.
 The gold label Blackbeaks in the hands of his customers already led to rave reviews. Even if few if any of his mechs had been tested in an actual battle, the piloting experience was almost unsurpassed. Both the X-Factor and the insights he applied from his Mastery led to a small but decisive advantage.
 "Last I heard, your design is even up for nomination for some awards at the end of the standard year. The only problem is that most copies in the wild consists of bronze label Blackbeaks."
 Ves pressed his lips. "I truly hope they don’t take the bronze label version as the standard. Has the EME shored up its quality by now?"
 "Carlos tells me that some of his lessons have penetrated through Mr. Neverland’s thick skull. The quality of EME’s latest output has reached the bare minimum, more or less."
 "More or less?"
 "It’s good enough for the buyers, but you’ll probably claw your eyes out if you take a deep look at the mechs."
 "Then you’d better not let me see one in the flesh."
 His obsession over quality and craftsmanship had grown more severe over time. It had been a conscious decision of Ves to fan the flames in this area because it had a measurable impact on his work.
 He started to understand why design philosophy held the key to advancing to a higher grade of mech designer.
 Ves hung around the workshop and kept an eye on the mech technicians, who started putting their learning into practice. Even if they did the simulations a hundred times, working with the real thing always went wrong one way or another.
 The absence of Carlos had a significant effect on the productivity of his workers. Ves frequently mentored him, and he also continued to study on his free time. All of that added knowledge turned him into a qualified, if junior fabricator.
 Perhaps Cyril could do a better job, but he had to supervise the entire workshop floor, so he couldn’t do the work himself. The general lack of experience exhibited by the mech technicians disheartened Ves somewhat. It would take years to get them to the level of a trained technician of a major power.
 His comm suddenly chirped. Ves bent down and saw it came from Dietrich of all people. Ves quickly left the workshop and entered his office before accepting the call.
 Dietrich looked awfully tired from the projection that appeared over his comm. "Ves, I’ve got bad news for you."
 "Is something wrong with Raella?"
 "You could say that." The Little Boss said, and began to explain what happened at the arena yesterday.
 Ordinarily, Ves would get angry if he heard that Raella ran off to engage in a series of highly dangerous underground duels. Yet what Dietrich said about the Glowing Planet turned all of that into something trivial.
 "This Glowing Planet... you’re saying it’s valuable to the point where the Coalition and the Hegemony will come to duke it out?"
 "Not immediately. It takes a lot of time to gather their forces and prepare them for a lengthy occupation. I reckon that the route where the Glowing Planet is zipping past will turn into a no man’s land when they arrive."
 That sounded very serious. A long occupation by the Friday Coalition or the Hexadric Hegemony or both meant that the war between the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom could become collateral damage.
 Complicating the matter was that both the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom maintained some ties with the Coalition. That might be enough of an excuse for the Hexadric Kingdom to steamroll over both third-rate states if they believed the Coalition benefited from their continued existence.
 "This is turning into a storm of epic proportions." Ves remarked while he rubbed his head. His brain threatened to overheat from all of the predictions he made. "Okay, have you tried to get Raella to change her mind?"
 "That’s the problem. She can’t back off. She personally went up to a big shot and demanded to take part in the Blood Claw’s expedition. In our line of work, once you do something like that, you always have to keep your word."
 Ves closed his eyes. He didn’t grow angry. He was already past that point. A sense of fatalistic helplessness emanated from his body as he thought about the huge numbers of mechs the Glowing Planet would host.
 Each and every one of them would very likely fight to the death for riches and honor. Ves understood what it was like to fight over a portion of an untamed planet’s vast mineral wealth. He already went through a harrowing ordeal at Groening IV.
 "What will the Whalers do?"
 "My father’s been called up as well. Monty wants to bolster his numbers and our gang recently came into possession of a lot of carriers."
 "That sounds dangerous."
 "It is, but Monty’s always been good to those who answer his call. We’ll get rich, or die trying."
 Ves had the sense those latter words applied to everyone else who set their sights on the Glowing Planet. Truly, the allure of an entire planet of exotics was sufficient to throw any star sector in the galactic rim into a tizzy.
 "What should we do, Ves? I’m sure if you run up to your family, they can get something done."
 "No. That won’t work." He shook his head. "Raella always held dreams about going on an adventure in the stars. She won’t agree to back out on embarking to one of the most hotly contested planets in this star sector."
 A small part inside Ves faintly hoped that Raella would see for herself how awful actual war looked like. Once she disabused her romantic notions of what a treasure-hunting expedition should be, she’d surely return to her guard assignment without complaint.
 Dietrich and Ves bandied about a few possible course of actions, but nothing seemed remotely helpful.
 "I’ll go with you guys."
 "Say what?"
 "Family should stick together." He said. Even though Ves hadn’t been very close to his extended family, he still felt it was his duty as Raella’s cousin to see her through the fighting that would continue until the end of the seventy-day grace period. "Besides, I’m sure the Whalers could use a mech designer. Planets with high concentration of exotics usually exert a destructive influence on machinery. Let me join up with you guys and I’ll make sure your mech remain in tip-top shape."
 The offer sounded very attractive, and Dietrich didn’t hesitate to accept. "You’re right. We could sure use your help. I figure my father planned to take up guard duty in space, but if we have you with us, then we can help the Blood Claws capture more territory. That will really increase our share of the profits."
 The main issue with Raella was that she pledged to fight alongside the inner core of the Blood Claws. She basically turned into an honorary Blood Claw herself, which let her pilot a Blood Claw mech maintained by their own logistics.
 Meanwhile, Ves lacked the familiarity to help out the Blood Claws directly. He hadn’t proven himself in front of one of their leaders like Raella did. Therefore, Ves could only hitch a ride with Walter’s Whalers.
 "Tell your dad I’m joining their fleet with my Barracuda."
 "I’ll do that. He’ll surely welcome you with open arms. In the meantime, I’ll send you some files about the people we can expect to meet at the Glowing Planet."
 They cut off the call after Ves received the files. He skimmed them over, but quickly became overwhelmed when the amount of local powers surpassed a hundred. "And that’s not even factoring small fries like Walter’s Whalers!"
 The Glowing Planet attracted so much greed that the local states wouldn’t be able to hold back their citizens from having any ideas. At the very least, both the Republic and the Kingdom didn’t even attempt to rein in their gangs and mercenary corps.
 "There must be over a thousand different outfits looking to fight over a bunch of rocks."
 Ves predicted that the smaller outfits would seek refuge under the umbrella of a major power, such as the Bright Republic’s Mech Corps or the Vesia Kindom’s Mech Legion.
 Larger outfits like the Blood Claws possessed enough strength to stand on their own. While they wouldn’t fight directly against the military of another state, they’d surely attempt to occupy a less attractive piece of land.
 Too bad that there were too many mechs and not enough land to go around. Conflict was bound to happen.
 Before Ves prepared for his impromptu journey, he gathered his closest circle of friends and workers. Melkor, Cyril, Jake, Primrose, Gavin and Calsie all streamed into the conference room, which already projected the busts of Marcella and his grandfather.
 "I’ve got something to announce." Ves began his meeting while holding onto Lucky. He proceeded to explain what happened and how Raella ended up in the thick of it. Once he reached the part where he said he’d participate as well, the entire room exploded.
 "You’re crazy, Ves!" Jake yelled. "You’re a mech designer! You have no place on the battlefield!"
 "I might not even be touching down on the planet. I can do most of my work aboard a carrier ship."
 "Even then, there’s going to be so many different fleets in orbit that your ship won’t be any safer!"
 The administrative types like Jake and Primrose simply didn’t understand his decision to throw himself head-long into danger.
 However, he received a surprising word of support from Marcella. "It’s up to him whether he wants to participate or not. All I can say is that a mech designer can be a lot of help to the Whalers. His presence will save a lot of lives."
 "They’re just a bunch of half-criminals. It’s not worth the risk!"
 Ves turned to his grandfather. "What about you. You haven’t spoken a word yet. What do you think?"
 "I don’t like to be put on the spot." Benjamin replied. As a retired expert pilot, he had gone through a lot of battles over the years. "As a man, and as a Larkinson, I applaud your decision. I would have done the same. Yet I also believe that your COO has a point. It’s not fitting for you to volunteer yourself to an extremely treacherous free-for-all. I wish I can tell you more, but I’m not allowed to tell you anything."
 His grandfather worked at the Ministry of Defense, so he knew best what might happen at the Glowing Planet. Ves didn’t begrudge his grandfather for holding back the details. He guessed that the Republic must be monitoring this conference call right now.
 "Do I have your blessing to take part?"
 "You can have it, for what it’s worth. Go forth and be a man, but remember that you don’t have to hold yourself to the same standard as a mech pilot."
 His grandfather’s words reflected the conflicting set of values running through his mind. Every Larkinson had been raised with tales of daring, heroism and sacrifice. With every Larkinson able to pilot a mech being sent off to war, the family suffered a lot of casualties over the generations. That was why Benjamin didn’t discourage his own grandson for taking part, even if he didn’t really belong on the battlefield in the first place.
 "Melkor, will you come with me?"
 "Of course. What will the family think if I let you go without my protection?"
 That settled it. At least three of the Larkinsons would set off for the Glowing Planet. Ves faintly predicted that even more of their family might end up at the battlefield. The Mech Corps was all but certain to play the main role in the coming campaign. Perhaps he might meet some of his other relatives who served in the divisions.
 While Ves decided to do head to the Glowing Planet to help out his cousin Raella, he might as well accomplish something more. However, he still faced considerable pushback from the company. How could they allow the founder, CEO and lead designer of the LMC to stroll into an active warzone?
 "What’s wrong with you?" Jake hissed at Ves as he cornered him. "Are you some kind of adrenaline junkie? Why do you throw yourself into danger at the first opportunity that knocks at your door?"
 "It’s not about chasing after a thrill! I’m doing it because I have to help my family."
 "We both know damn well that’s not the only thing on your mind. Haven’t you always said that you had an awful time in your last adventure and never wanted to do anything like that again? Aren’t you working so hard to become an established mech designer so that when the Republic drafts you, you’ll be sent to some cozy lab away from the frontlines?"
 "What’s your point?"
 "You’re too much of a Larkinson. I’ve witnessed this behavior of yours plenty of times with the other Larkinsons who don’t have the aptitude to pilot a mech. They’re so inured in the warrior ethos of the family that they feel they have to prove their courage even more."
 Jake should know what he was talking about, since he managed plenty of stores for the Larkinson Estate. He must have interacted with the business-minded side of the family for decades and gained a keen insight on their overall culture.
 Ves fell silent for a moment. Did he feel the need to prove himself? Not particularly. His rapid advance in the mech industry already earned him enough respect that it didn’t matter if others branded him a coward.
 Was it about the thrill? Seeking fortune amid chaos and death? His heart started to beat faster at the thought. Despite being terrified at the prospect of battle, it enervated him as well. His eyes shook in anticipation. Fear and fright seemed to have conflicting effects on his body and mind.
 "The blood runs too deep." Jake softly whispered as he shook his head. "You’re made in the same mold as your grandfather. Did you know that Benjamin distinguished himself in the previous wars by volunteering for some of the most critical and dangerous missions? Just when you thought he’d meet his death, he’ll crawl away with the skin of his teeth. It’s the main reason why he advanced to expert pilot so young."
 He knew the stories. Every Larkinson who reached the exalted rank of expert pilot possessed something remarkable to be able to break through the bottleneck that stopped countless pilots in their tracks.
 Some had been gifted with exceptional neural aptitude. They easily pierced the bottleneck like a needle through cloth.
 Some started off average, but grinded themselves past the barrier through relentless training.
 Some, like his grandfather, fought at their best when they put their lives on the line. Benjamin Larkinson rose like a rocket, but a single incident late in his career had finally been the straw that broke the camel’s back. The venerated war hero had been forced to put aside his profession when he sustained irreparable damage to his body.
 So maybe the blood did run thick. Even though his father didn’t inherit any of Benjamin’s grit, perhaps it had to take another generation for another daredevil to emerge.
 Ves began to smile. "All of what you said makes sense. I don’t have to go to the Glowing Planet. It doesn’t make any logical sense. Yet my heart and mind is urging me to seek my fortune there. Don’t forget that this company had been built from the rewards I gained from exploring the stars."
 He salvaged the highly productive Dortmund printer from an old facility. He obtained the rest of his equipment along with a slew of rare and valuable licenses by completing a mission from the Society.
 That reminded him to check out their Mission Hall. They might have issued another set of missions concerning the Glowing Planet. Even if the entire Coalition moved in after seventy days, they might want to test the waters first.
 He had a feeling that the two dominant second-rate states deliberately took their time in claiming the planet. Any stellar body with a huge number of exotic mineral deposits always played havoc with man and machine. Any number of unimaginable dangers might lurk beneath its glowing facade.
 And that was where Ves planned to find his fortune.
 Even though Jake tried to convince his boss to stay, Ves would have none of it. He was dead set on being among the Whalers as they attempted to obtain a slice of the Glowing Planet’s many riches.
 He moved quickly that day. Ves hurried up with loading the Barracuda with Melkor’s packed Stanislaw along with a set of high quality tools and critical supplies. He also got in touch with Walter’s Whalers and let them know he was coming.
 Arranging all of that work took little time, since his workers did the actual work. Ves thought about what he brought to the table, and found it rather lacking. He wanted to bring one of his mechs as well and present it to the Whalers.
 "The problem is that I don’t have any spare mech on hand."
 Ves had to complete his contractual obligations first. The LMC immediately shipped all of the gold label Blackbeaks that he fabricated up to this point. He didn’t have any spare mechs left, and he couldn’t fabricate a new one from scratch in time to join up with the Whalers.
 "Still, I do have one frame collecting dust in my warehouse."
 It was his first production model. As his very first Blackbeak, it the mech had special meaning to him. The MTA validated his very first original design based on that copy. Melinda also piloted it to victory in the duel against Captain Vicar.
 Many mech designers treated their first production models like a piece of art. They cherished them like children and waited for the right time to auction them off for an incredible sum of money, perhaps multiplying its value by hundreds of times in case of extremely successful designs.
 Ves didn’t want to risk the loss or destruction of his first production model, but circumstances forced his hand. If he worked quickly, he’d be able to repair the damaged mech in less than a day, which gave him sufficient time to catch up to the Whalers.
 "Let’s do it."
 Once he gave out the orders, the mech technicians went into action. Even if they never repaired an existing mech before, they all knew the basics, courtesy of Chief Cyril’s training. They brought the damaged mech out of storage and placed it in the assembly system, which carefully cataloged and disassembled the damaged portions of the mech.
 Meanwhile, Ves cleared the production line again and started fabricating replacement components. In order to save time, he decided not to replace the lightly damaged components, but handed them off to his mech technicians so that they could attempt to repair the parts themselves.
 Not all of them proved capable of doing so, but he expected some fumbling. Any successes went right back in the mech. Parts that proved more difficult to restore passed on to Ves, who put it in the Dortmund and used some of its more advanced functions to restore the component.
 Not everything could be recovered to their original state. The armor plating proved impossible to repair with the equipment that the workshop had on hand. Ves had no choice but to fabricate new ones from scratch.
 At least they’d be able to sell the broken plating to a professional recycler, allowing them to recoup the majority of the costs.
 As Ves started making progress in the repairs, he constantly focused on the image of the Black Phoenix. Even though the mech had already gained a solidified mental presence, Ves used some of the insights he learned before to overlap its existing traits with a higher emphasis on toughness and endurance.
 From what little he learned, the battle for the Glowing Planet would be fought over many battles under extremely hostile terrain. Supplying the mechs on the ground would be a huge challenge since all kinds of carriers vied for orbital supremacy.
 His Blackbeak had been designed to excel in wars stretching for years. This presented a problem for him because he initially assumed the Blackbeak would fight a lot of skirmishes but only a couple of full-blown battles over the course of its service.
 Thus, Ves consciously deviated from his initial design in order to harden his mech against a succession of intensive battles. He didn’t take the time to form a new design and test whether the changes introduced new flaws. He eagerly modified his mech on the fly, relying nothing on intuition and some invisible guidance from a changing black phoenix.
 Ultimately, the changes only led to minor differences, but Ves found the experience to be worthwhile. Acting on another whim, Ves decided to coat the feather pauldrons in a shade of red. He also changed the settings of the cloud generators to emit red vapor instead of varying shades of grey.
 The added color looked spectacular, and gifted his mech with character.
 "It’s a damn shame you’re sending it off to battle." Chief Cyril whistled in appreciation at the newly enhanced mech. "It’s practically an heirloom of the company, you know. It’s a piece of living history."
 Ves sighed with regret. "I know, but when I’m short on mechs, I’ll grab the first thing that’s available, living history or not. What it can earn us down the line is not as important as satisfying an immediate need."
 He knew that despite his good relations with Dietrich, he never really built any ties with the rest of the Whalers. Ves wanted his first meeting with Walter to be on good terms, and nothing expressed his sincerity better by gifting him one of his company’s pride and joy.
 A hauler arrived at his workshop and picked up the mech. Ves entered an armored shuttle as well and rode it to the lair of the Whalers. He brought no one else along but Lucky.
 A few hours later, the hauler and the shuttle and its escorts touched down an expansive but haphazard base on the outskirts of Orinoco. It looked like a half-abandoned shell of its former self, as the Whalers already shifted much of their mechs to the carriers orbiting above the planet.
 Ves stepped outside with Lucky following close behind. The cat meowed in confusion as the smells bombarded their noses. The smell of rust, alcohol and urine blended together in a unique ensemble that forced Ves to pinch his nose.
 He hurried forward and met with some guards, who guided him to a gathering of senior Whalers. They looked at him as he approached.
 "Ves Larkinson, at your service."
 A bushy white-bearded man with a barrel of a chest and kegs for arms stepped forward. Ves recognized him at an instant. This was nothing less than Walter himself, who reigned over the Whalers since before he was born.
 The man eyed him with a critical eye. "You’ve got guts. At least you look tough enough. Good, but you need more than that to make it out alive."
 "I came bearing gifts, Mr. Walter."
 The hauler unloaded the recently modified Blackbeak at that point. All of the Whalers around Walter gasped in surprise and admiration at the sight of the striking mech.
 "Is that your new mech?"
 "It’s the very first production model, in fact. It’s the strongest and most finely tuned copy of my original Blackbeak design. It’s the mech that Melinda Larkinson used to beat Captain Vicar."
 The Whalers might not be fully aware of what the Blackbeak brought to the table, but they all knew about the duel. The veterans erupted in a flurry of whispers.
 "And you’re giving it to us?"
 "It’s all yours from this point onwards."
 Walter’s face cracked into a smile. "I can’t say no to a free mech, especially one of this caliber. You’re in, Ves. Welcome aboard."
 Ves successfully cleared the first hurdle.
 As the leader of the biggest and only gang on Cloudy Curtain, Walter ruled over his men through strength and restraint.
 Unlike most members, Walter grew up in Bentheim rather than Cloudy Curtain. Nobody knew about his background and what he experienced growing up, but it must have been a difficult childhood, seeing as Walter never showed any inclination for higher education.
 From what Ves could gather from his initial meeting of the man, Walter exhibited a slight Haston accent. He imagined Walter as something of a bully who stole food and earned respect on account of his sturdy body and his ability to master the art of intimidation.
 Whatever Walter had endured, he obviously did well enough to be noticed by the local gangs. Nobody knew which gangs he previously ran with, but at some point Walter got in touch with the Blood Claws.
 History got a little spotty here. All the public knew was that at one point Walter split off to form his own gang called Walter’s Whalers and tried to vie for territory.
 They lost the battle.
 Defeated and demoralized, the remnants of the newly established Whalers tucked their tails between their legs and departed from the port system in a hurry. They sought refuge at any hole they could find, and eventually ended up in Cloudy Curtain.
 The previous gang that claimed the planet as their own turned out to be more pathethic than the Whalers. Their outdated, atrophied mechs didn’t stand a chance against the Whalers and their dented arsenal of cheap but modern mass-produced frontline mechs.
 Since then, he Whalers settled in and licked their wounds. Eventually, recovered to their former numbers, but Walter himself never considered going back to Bentheim. He would rather reign over cats than live like a dog among tigers.
 "Good choice." Ves thought as he woke up the next morning on the Happy Jelly, the flagship of the Whalers.
 As flagships went, the Happy Jelly didn’t receive much care. Like most carriers, the ship had started out as a heavy hauler, and once she became too slow and worn out to make a profit, her owners sold her to a shipyard. There, the Happy Jelly received a second life as some of her most worn-out components had been replaced and her massive cargo space had been reconfigured to carry combat-ready mechs.
 The only problem Ves had with the Jelly was that she was obviously pushing her age. The carrier audibly groaned as the Whaler fleet engaged their FTL drives.
 Ves already missed his gleaming Barracuda. The sharp and nimble corvette always glided into FTL as if she dove into the water like a graceful athlete. The ship already went ahead of the main fleet to scout the star systems ahead.
 The Happy Jelly on the other hand resembled an elephant being launched into the water with a mighty splash.
 Occasionally, her entire hull groaned as if she was being stretched out like a noodle. One day, he thought, the Jelly would be the Jelly no more, leaving behind a debris field that stretches over light-years as they fell out of FTL in a haphazard order.
 "You really need to tune your ship." Ves told Walter as he entered the main hangar. Rows upon rows of mechs sat dormant in their stables. Much of them looked like they had seen better days, but only a handful of technicians attempted to patch them up.
 "My Jelly can take a few more trips. Don’t worry about the old lady." Walter remarked as he stood in front of the red-shouldered Blackbeak. "Let’s talk about business, shall we?"
 Ves approached the boss as an equal but made sure to maintain a tone of respect. "As you know, I’m taking a lot of risks. I left behind a company valued at around ten billion credits in order to join your expedition. I’ve also gifted you with a priceless mech that’s valuable not only for its history, but also its performance."
 "What do you want in return?"
 "A cut of whatever the Whalers manage to obtain. It doesn’t have to be too much, and we can adjust the amount according to my contribution. Let’s set the base at ten percent of total earnings."
 That was a massive sum, but it also reflected the value Ves could bring to the table. A mech force without a mech designer watching over their machines would always be at a disadvantage compared to an opponent that did enjoy that advantage.
 They bargained back and forth, but on account of his generous gift, Ves succeeded in setting the bar at ten percent.
 "You look like you’re eying something else. Get on with it." Walter spat, brandishing his massive arms in front of Ves.
 "There are two more things I’m on a lookout for. First, if by some means the Whalers ever get their hands on something that originates from the core of the planet, I’d like to receive a hand-sized chunk."
 "Fine." Not that Walter knew what something like that really meant.
 "Second, I’d like to get a copy of all of the logs of the mechs on the field."
 "For what reason?"
 "A... client of mine wants to map out the environmental hazards your mechs might encounter in the field. It’s for the Coalition."
 "I see."
 Walter obviously didn’t appreciate sending off those logs to some stranger in the Coalition. Even if they’d never be able to use it against them, it still felt awful to air all of your dirty laundry.
 In truth, Ves accepted the mission to submit the logs on his own accord at the Clifford Society. The mission dangled out a reward for 200 merits, which seemed too good to be true.
 The mere mention of the Coalition had the desired effect, even if Ves played a trick on the boss. Walter acceded to the demand with gritted teeth.
 In an effort to find something pleasant to talk about, Ves quickly moved past their discussion and walked over to the Blackbeak. "Have you decided whether you’ll adopt this mech as your own?"
 Walter shook his head. "My Urman has served me well so far. Only youngsters and fools chase after the latest toys. Your mech is a fine machine, but not a mech that’s suited to lead the Whalers."
 Ves glanced at the so-called Urman standing quietly to the stable up ahead. The mech turned out to be a brawler, an exotic archetype that basically fought with its fists.
 Like its pilot, the brawler looked like it could withstand a lot of punishment. Ves estimated that all of its armor had actually pushed the mech over the medium weight class.
 Normally, that was bad, as mechs like this didn’t possess the level of protection enjoyed by genuine heavy mechs. However, some pilots simply made it work, and from Walter looked like he was one of them. Ves imagined their shared body types helped a lot with establishing a deeper connection between the two.
 "I can see why you’re attached to your mech. The Blackbeak is a mech that’s suited for long-ranged patrols and lengthy battles of attrition. It can’t deliver an immediate impact like your Urman."
 Walter probably had ways to get around its sluggish speed and its subpar psuedo-heavy armor. If the Urman ever got close to a mech, it could punch a mech apart through sheer brute force with the help of its large powered gauntlets.
 Another man stepped forth. He looked to be from the same generation as Walter, but thankfully his body wasn’t so wide. "Walter! You called?"
 "Come over here. Fadah, this is Ves. Ves, this is Fadah. He’s my fourth-in-command of sorts."
 Fadah snorted. "More like eight or ninth. You always change your mind. It’s a wonder the Whalers are still in one shape."
 "Hah! As long as everyone gets a taste of power, they’ll know how much grief they have to deal with. That helps cut down the potential mutinies."
 "As if we don’t fear you." The skinnier Whaler shook his head. "Anyway, why did you call me over? I was in the middle of sorting out our roster. It’s a real mess, you know."
 "I called you here because you’ll be piloting that black thing over there. You’ve always been nagging your ears about your piece of junk of a mech. Well, here’s a brand new machine, and a unique one to boot. It’s all yours!"
 "But I’m a scout pilot! I pilot light mechs!"
 "Light mechs, medium mechs, what’s the difference! When you get down to it, they’re both fast and hard to catch. They just differ in the amount of armor they’re willing to carry. Besides, you’re my most resourceful pilot. Only someone as hard to kill as you will fit this beast."
 Walter didn’t take no for an answer, and quickly walked away, leaving Ves and Fadah to stew by themselves.
 "Is he always like that?"
 "Yeah. He seems like he doesn’t care, but he doesn’t want to be bothered with managing anything."
 "Then why do the Whalers stick with him?"
 The older man grinned at him. "You wouldn’t understand. The best I can describe it is... it’s like a brotherhood. Walter’s Whalers might not possess the ruthlessness to survive in a place like Bentheim, but that’s because Walter never pushes us beyond our boundaries."
 Ves didn’t really understand what he meant. He shook his head and turned back to the matter at hand. "For better or worse, you’re saddled with my pride and joy. The Blackbeak is a fine machine. It will run as smooth as butter, I can guarantee you."
 "Whatever you say. It’s not a scout. Far from it. It’s a knight." Fadah didn’t appear to be taken in by all the hype, but he tried to make the best of it. "Let’s get to work, then."
 Any mech pilot that adopted a new mech had to go through a period of training and adjustment. Normally, a couple of mech pilots would be sufficient to tweak the mech to the pilot’s preferences. Allowing Ves to do the adjustments on a design he knew on an extremely deep level was an extravagant privilege.
 Fadah came from a light mech background, so the man mainly demanded ways to enhance the Blackbeak’s mobility. In particular, Fadah harped on improving its response time and its range of motion.
 "A light mech relies on agility to survive up close. The more you shave off a mech’s response time, the better it will be able to respond to an opponent’s move."
 Ves felt deeply reluctant to make any drastic changes to the Blackbeak, but Fadah insisted on a couple of modifications that severely impacted the effectiveness of its armor.
 As Ves tried to follow Fadah’s suggestions, he became a little conflicted about maintaining its ability to endure. Many of the things Fadah insisted upon set back the Blackbeak’s ability to survive the entire campaign.
 "You shouldn’t be beating your head over my style." Fadah said. "The whole point of light mechs is that they survive by not taking a hit at all. I know it seems kind of reckless for me to demand you strip a knight of some of its armor, but I can tell you that I’ll be much better off that way."
 "I still think you’re going too far with this! The Blackbeak is losing its identity as a knight!"
 "I don’t want to pilot a knight!"
 They remained at an impasse. Ves felt more and more like he was butchering the Blackbeak until all he had left was bones. The conflicting vision for the mech sometimes caused him headaches that forced him to halt his adjustment work.
 That was bad, as the Whaler fleet would soon arrive at the outskirts of the space around the Glowing Planet. The crew members of the Happy Jelly already called the five light-hours around the planet the Glowing Zone.
 The Whaler fleet was scheduled to rendez-vous at a point around one light-hour into the Glowing Zone. Monty the Beheader issued a call to arms, and every outfit that pledged allegiance to him had to heed his words.
 If all went well in space, the Whalers would be touching down in a couple of days. Ves had to finish the Blackbeak and inspect some of the other mechs before that happened. He urgently had to find a way to solve his current logjam.
 "What will it take to reconcile my mech with its pilot?"
 His interaction with the crew of the Happy Jelly and exploring its compartments gave Ves a decent impression of Walter’s Whalers.
 Put simply, they lacked discipline and professionalism.
 If Ves wanted to be blunt, he’d use the words lazy and stupid to describe their motley crew. While the Whalers at least invested a little in their mech crews in order to make sure they functioned normally, their ship crews left a lot to be desired.
 Severely undermanned, the crew of the Happy Jelly only had the manpower to spare on maintaining the bare essentials of the ship.
 They kept the atmospherics going so they wouldn’t be freezing and choking from a lack of oxygen.
 They kept the aging bridge and engineering running past their prime with a mix of ad-hoc solutions.
 Sometimes, they replaced faulty parts with illegally fabricated copies of dubious quality.
 It all looked ugly to Ves. Having seen a professional combat crew at work with his stint on Ark Horizon, the Whalers should be thanking their lucky stars the carrier hadn’t blown up yet.
 Even the aging complement of bots had been affected by the lethargy around them. All of them looked old enough to be present on the Jelly when she started off as a brand new cargo hauler. Lack of attention had degraded at least half of them into scrap, which forced the remainder of the bots to pull double duty to clean the ship and take care of smaller duties.
 They obviously failed in that. Many low-priority corridors and compartments featured a build-up of grime and crusted vomit. If the Jelly had any cleaners on her crew, they obviously didn’t bother cleaning these sections.
 Right now, Ves had to pass by some of those filthy corridors in order to reach a rarely-used conference. Walter summoned everyone important on the ship to attend a briefing.
 Around thirty old Whalers seated themselves on the hard, cheap chairs.
 "I think everyone’s here now, so let’s get this started." Walter announced and turned on a flickering projection of the Glowing Zone. "The Blood Claws have been scouting ahead and made some plans. This is how it’s going to look like."
 The Whaler fleet would emerge at the edge of the Glowing Zone and make its way inwards until they reached the position of the Blood Claws. Once every outfit with a connection to Monty gathered in a massive fleet, they resumed their journey towards the deepest part of the Glowing Zone, eventually approaching the outer edge of an enormous armada made up out of several divisions of the Mech Corps.
 "As you know, the Glowing Planet has landed within the borders of the Republic. The Mech Corps, in all of its wisdom, figured that since the Vesians and all kinds of scum will arrive in a couple of days, it’s best to set aside our rivalries and form a common pact."
 "Does that mean the Three Tyrants of Bentheim won’t be duking it out?"
 "Of course not, you dummy!"
 The old chap wouldn’t be blamed for thinking that Monty the Beheader might chose to attack his other rivals. They constantly warred against each other in the shadows.
 "The Glowing Planet is big enough for everyone, at least in the first couple of days. The Mech Corps has mapped out the planet from orbit and carved a generous slice of territory for each of the major players to claim as their own."
 A map of the planet showed up on the projection. Much of its intricate and dangerous terrain features remained unknown, but the Mech Corps somehow determined that the areas with the highest level of fluctuations probably contained deposits of the most valuable exotics the planet had on offer.
 "These red areas are first-grade danger zones. They’re extremely dangerous, as all of those wild exotic minerals are constantly changing the laws of physics around them. Time might stop, gravity might reverse, in short, all kinds of freaky stuff will happen around them. We can forget about mining those deposits ourselves. Only the Mech Corps has the means to extract those juicy exotics."
 "What about us?"
 "I’m getting to that. Around the red zones are the orange zones, which consists of the second-grade danger zones. The exotics there are much less destructive on their environment, but there’s a lot of them so the entire area will be blanketed in a low level freaky effect. These are great places to mine junk exotics in bulk, and that’s where the major powers of the Republic have divvied up for themselves."
 The area allocated to Monty the Betrayer sat far away from any other claimed areas, and took up as much space as Dorum, Bentheim’s capital city.
 "That’s kind of small. There’s lots of free space on the planet."
 "This is only the first phase. Do you really think the Blood Claws will be able to protect this stretch of territory once the Ducal Legions of the Vesians make landfall? Even a fraction of a legion is enough to wipe the floor with Monty and his men!"
 The map changed now. Before, all of the Republican’s powers had spread out over the planet. Now, they concentrated around the red zone occupied by the Mech Corps.
 "In the second phase, every force from the Republic will work together to present a united front. Every major outfit like the Three Tyrants of Bentheim will be placed at the edge of the red zone occupied by the Mech Corps."
 "It kind of looks like we’ll be placed at the frontlines."
 "They’re using us as shields!"
 "It’s true." Walter said. "The Mech Corps isn’t hiding the fact that they want us to be placed at the perimeter of their territory. Anyone who wants to attack the Mech Corps has to go through the Blood Claws or some other outfit depending on the direction of the attack."
 "Seems like a crappy deal. What do we get out of it?"
 "Protection, basically. The Mech Corps won’t stand by if any of us gets attacked. They’ve promised to send out a relief force to repel the attack."
 No one really took the Mech Corps at their word, but none of them had a say in the matter. Monty had already agreed to the deal. Ves strongly suspected that a couple of trades had been made on the side to secure everyone’s agreement.
 "Our precise role will vary. We brought plenty of mechs, but they’re not really impressive, aside from my Urman and Fadah’s new toy. The Blood Claws will likely put us on guard duty. It’s going to get increasingly dangerous once the Vesians and the scum of the galaxy arrive."
 Walter proceeded to assign his officers to various tasks. Ves took on the duty of leading a small team of mech technicians in charge of maintaining and repairing the so-called fast-reaction squad led by Fadah.
 The fast-reaction squad acted as the troubleshooters of the Whalers. Walter basically gathered up some swift and mobile mechs and tasked them with rescuing any Whalers that had fallen into trouble.
 "That’s all we can plan for now. I still don’t know if we’ll actually be able to hold a chunk of territory of our own, but you can bet that we’ll have to fight for every piece of ore the Blood Claws extract."
 The Mech Corps made use of the Blood Claws, while the Blood Claws made use of the Whalers. Life was tough at the bottom of the totem pole.
 Once everyone dispersed, Ves wandered back to the main hangar. While he hadn’t figured out a way to reconcile the Blackbeak with a mech pilot eager to subvert the strengths of its design, Ves reflected on his previous choices.
 "A mech won’t always be matched with the right pilot. Its design might favor a defensive style of fighting, but if it’s matched with an aggressive pilot, then something has to give."
 He always assumed that his Blackbeaks would be matched by mech pilots that could bring out their brilliance. Yet this time, he gifted the Blackbeak out for free to a leader who never really stood out as a brilliant decision maker. In turn, that leader handed over the Blackbeak to a pilot who obviously desired to pilot something else.
 All of this turned out to be a mess, and as the mech designer in charge of tweaking the Blackbeak to Fadah’s tastes, it was up to him to untangle the knot.
 Eventually, he made a decision.
 "It’s no good to hold on to my beliefs even if I think that Fadah is wrong. In a sense, he’s my customer, and a mech designer should always be attentive to their customers."
 If he reframed the situation into a relationship between a service provider and a customer, then the answer became clear. He had to set aside his narrow view of what was best in favor of accommodating the wishes of his client.
 "Sticking to my guns obviously won’t please Fadah."
 Fadah wanted his mech to fit his style instead of the other way around. If the Blackbeak remained a sluggish semi-defensive bulwark, then the pilot would never be able to mesh with it as deeply as Ves and Fadah wished.
 Even though Ves thought that Fadah made the wrong decision, it was better to follow his wishes, since at least the pilot had a chance of making it work.
 In short, Ves had to believe in Fadah and his claims.
 The realization came as a welcome relief to Ves. While the solution to the dilemma didn’t truly eliminate every problem, the reasoning behind it gave Ves enough of an excuse to set aside his instincts.
 With grudging acceptance, he worked together with Fadah to finish slimming down the Blackbeak. Ves let go of its original conception as an offensive knight and treated it as a fluid entity with no discernable role as of yet.
 "Thinking in terms of categories is a trap in itself. Not all mechs have to fill into a single predetermined role."
 That had been the other lesson he learned. The concept of roles and archetypes emerged after the first generations of mechs soon after the Age of Mechs came into being. It provided the nascent mech pilots and mech designers with a common understanding of what the new mechs had been designed to do.
 It succeeded in bringing order to the mech industry. Both designers and pilots experimented with hundreds of different concepts, throwing away the more impractical ideas while embracing the most effective ones like knight mechs, rifleman mechs and more.
 Yet sometimes those neat categories failed to adjust to the demands of the pilots. Walter’s unusual Urman was but one example of a design that should not have worked according to contemporary standards. Yet Walter obviously managed, since he never lost a battle since he fled to Cloudy Curtain.
 Ves had the sense that he was doing something similar to the Blackbeak. He shaved away a significant amount of armor, drastically reducing the mech’s encumbrance until its weight reached a point below the minimum standard of a medium mech.
 Now, the highly modified Blackbeak had become a mech that straddled the gap between a light and medium mech. In most people’s eyes, such a mech would be an abomination. Yet Fadah found the result to be a marvel when he tested it out in a simulation.
 "Fantastic! This is fantastic! The Blackbeak is so responsive now! It’s still not as fast as I would like, but it’s enough for me to pull off all of my moves!"
 In the end, Ves had satisfied his client. Whether this ultra-skinny Blackbeak could actually put up a fight, he didn’t dare to speculate any further. He just hoped that Fadah had been somewhat truthful about his supposedly awesome skills.
 The work took way more time than he thought. Ves originally planned to make a pass at every mech on the Happy Jelly, but their impending emergence at the edge of the Glowing Zone cut that short.
 Ves settled for taking a look at the other mechs of the fast-reaction squad.
 When he finally visited their stables and looked at their frames, his mood tumbled to the bottom.
 "How the hell do they still work?"
 He’d seen junkyard scrap in better conditions than the light and medium mechs that consisted of the fast-reaction squad. Ves had a lot of work to do if he wanted to ensure they could survive the rigors they’d usually be going through on the surface of the Glowing Planet.
 
 Thousands, if not tens of thousands of ships converged upon the Glowing Planet. Much of them consisted of cheap converted transports, but some of them boasted enough tonnage to overrun a small planet in a day.
 The Glowing Planet's fate was sealed as soon as the trade convoy led by the Calcardon had stumbled upon it. Even if every crew member aboard every ship swore an oath of silence, word of the miraculous planet's existence would have still been leaked.
 Now, a horde of locusts descended upon its virgin lands, the trade convoy first among them. Driven by rapacious greed, all of the haulers and mercenary carriers ignored their contractual obligations in favor of descended upon the planet.
 Even if they lacked the specialized mining equipment to get at the most valuable ores, they still thought they could get their hands on some valuable chunks.
 "Even if we can't find any rocks, we can still use the weapons equipped on our mechs!"
 The hasty approach didn't end well for them. They underestimated the anomalies such active planets induced upon their environments. Even their orbits suffered from its chaotic wrath.
 It took only a single day for the Calcardon to fall. Her hull stretched to pieces as she suddenly fell into a swirling tide of gravitic pressure. None of her crew and mechs survived.
 Some of the other vessels in the former trade convoy could have pulled away from the planet, if not leave its vicinity altogether. Yet in their haste to harvest the Glowing Planet's treasures, they ignored the Calcardon's fate and dismissed the incident as a low-probability occurrence.
 "The Barbed Lynxes had it coming. There's no way the same thing will happen to us!"
 They vastly underestimated the hazards.
 By the second day, no more ships remained in orbit. Random spasms in the fabric of reality had rent most of them apart across time and space. Some pieces of debris had even crossed back into time, not that it mattered since they largely floated in the humongous void of interstellar space.
 Meanwhile, the Glowing Planet continued to drift away in space. Soon its journey would bring it outside the borders of the Republic. At least, that would have happened if humanity hadn't gotten word of its existence.
 Aboard the flagship of the Blood Claws, Raella relentlessly trained her physical body in preparation for the hard slog ahead. She had locked herself inside a hard light simulation cage, which presented a variety of projected thugs and beasts for her to dance around and knock them out with her arms and legs. She dexterously weaved between the savage imitations of life and dismantled them with ruthless efficiency.
 Once the simulation ended, she exited the cage while letting a bot wipe away her sweat and freshen up her body. "Wooh! I broke my record!"
 "Great job!" Dietrich said from the side. He already finished his daily marksmanship training. "Let's go eat some chow."
 They walked over to the mess hall a few decks above the massive fleet carrier. Unlike Walter's Whalers, the Blood Claws knew how to keep their ship running. Hardly any spec of dust marred its gleaming corridors. That might soon change once the campaign heated up, but for now, the Blood Claws looked prime and ready to go to war.
 Once they sat down at a table, a pair of bots automatically delivered a meal tailored to their tastes and their bodily needs. Raella eagerly grabbed her drink and gulped down half of it in an instant.
 "I've been talking with Ves a few times. He's eager to meet you again once we make landfall."
 Raella pressed her lips. "It's touching to hear he cares, but he didn't need to travel all the way here. He should have stayed back on your miserable little farm planet."
 "Hey! Cloudy Curtain isn't bad once you get to appreciate its charm!"
 "Whatever you say, farm boy."
 They paused their discussion to eat. Both had become famished after finishing their training. The food easily slipped down their throats as they devoured their meals.
 "You know, it's not going to be easy to survive down there." Dietrich started up again. "I've been hearing some news that the anomalies around the planet has already claimed the lives of an entire trade convoy. If it's already so bad up in orbit, it's surely going to be worse on the surface."
 "Even if that's true, the Blood Claws or the Mech Corps will figure something out. They're not going to let a bunch of unruly special effects ruin the harvest of the century."
 Dietrich hoped the people upstairs remained clueless. As long as they didn't figure out an answer to tackle the anomalies, Raella wouldn't get the opportunity to descend with the rest of the Blood Claws.
 He discreetly shook his head. Since when did he care so much about a girl? He had plenty of flings in the past. Why did Raella catch his heart?
 As he stared intently at she tackled her dessert, he figured he became attracted to her strength. A dump like Cloudy Curtain couldn't have produced a woman so skilled at piloting mechs.
 Dietrich loved her exuberance, but did Raella love him back? Perhaps she treated him like he treated his former flings. It didn't help that her abrupt decision to join this expedition had introduced some friction in their relationship.
 "Babe, I won't argue about your desire to make landfall. I know how much you crave action. Just let me be with you. I'll back you up as best I can."
 "Awww, you're so sweet, Dietrich!" Raella laughed. "All of the boys at Rittersberg would have been too busy turning up their noses at the sky to think about protecting me. But really, I don't need your coddling. I can handle myself, no matter what the Glowing Planet throws at us."
 "It's not the Glowing Planet I'm afraid of. Well, that's not true. I am afraid of it, but I'm more scared about the riff raff that will arrive in the next couple of days."
 "I'm sure we'll be able to clean them all up. Trash will be trash. I've dealt with several of them when I fought in the underground arenas."
 Dietrich grabbed her hands and clasped them in his own. "I still worry about you. All the real opponents you've faced so far are rejects compared to the pilots who joined the military."
 "I know how good they are. I'm a Larkinson, remember? Even if they can kick my butt, I'll make sure to kick theirs in return, just like what Melinda did to Captain Vicar."
 Her tone betrayed a hint of envy. Why did Melinda get to show off the Blackbeak in a crowded arena? That should have been Raella! Even if she didn't specialize in piloting mechs, she still would have managed to deal with the pressure.
 In a way, she craved to prove her courage, to test whether she had what it took to be a Larkinson. She couldn't wait for the war to erupt and she didn't think she'd see any action anyway if she kept patrolling some stupid workshop.
 The Blood Claws presented an opportunity for her to make her mark. Her biggest aim was to distinguish herself in battle.
 While Raella dreamt about overshadowing Melinda, plenty of other people aspired to fulfill their goals in the upcoming campaign.
 Over a third of the Bright Republic's mercenary corps had converged around a small number of charismatic mercenary leaders. While no single mercenary corps possessed the numbers to defend themselves against a major power, the balance of power changed if they managed to unite.
 The emergence of the so-called mercenary lords allowed the smaller outfits to band together to form a temporary alliance. While none of them really trusted their colleagues to risk their lives for a couple of strangers, they still shared enough in common to let a lord order them around.
 Of course, that only held if they got paid. An alliance would instantly disintegrate if the lord became incapable of delivering the goods.
 Thus, the leaders faced a lot of pressure to succeed in their expeditions. They'd be ruined if they left with empty hands. The mercenaries that tentatively answered their calls could easily turn against the lords if they showed an inkling of weakness.
 Interestingly enough, many of the mercenaries piloted mechs designed by Ves. For the first time in his career, a large number of his products would be tested in an actual combat situation.
 And what a test it represented! The fight over the Glowing Planet would definitely spark more than a couple of cautious skirmishers. Wealth had a way of infecting the most prudent individuals with boundless greed. No one was in a mood to back off. Not at this stage.
 The mercenaries brought two distinct models to the war zone. First, the Marc Antony Mark II's had become a staple in some mercenary corps. While the LMC never produced very much of them, they still brought a lot of value to the smaller and less financially capable outfits.
 The only downside to the Mark II's was that they only functioned for a relatively short period of time. Much like the Havalax, the Mark II excelled at forcing a quick resolution of a battle. Fortunately, the hybrid mech possessed many tools to force such an outcome.
 As for the Blackbeaks, many of their owners and mech pilots had barely gotten a grip on them. The design showed a lot of promise, but aside from a single publicised duel, the Blackbeak hadn't been tested for the role it had been designed to fulfill.
 Still, the pilots believed in the machines. The Blackbeaks looked and felt impressive. Actually piloting the wondrously crafted machines proved to be a sublime experience, especially for the limited number of gold label mechs.
 EME actually produced most of the Blackbeaks in the hands of the mercenaries going to war. The affordable and more easily available silver label mechs didn't match the quality of the original version, but that didn't lessen their value by much. The guts looked the same no matter their labels, and their pilots readily entrusted their lives to their impressive machines.
 It could be said that a lot of eyes kept an eye on the Blackbeak. They wanted to see whether offensive knight had what it took to fight a war. Many professionals with money to spare eagerly awaited the final verdict on the design.
 As for Ves, he faced a much more pressing priority. Getting the sad excuses of his mech technicians to work.
 "Come on, Mr. Larkinson!" A sleazy-looking fellow whined. "I just checked the integrity of the armor like you told me to do. There aren't any cracks worth mentioning!"
 "Lucky."
 His mechanical cat jumped from its perch on his shoulder and jumped straight past the bewildered technician.
 "OUCH! That hurt!"
 Lucky only needed to mark their skins to provide an abject lesson on why they should listen to Ves.
 "Don't try to fool my eyes. I know my mechs, and my judgement is telling me that this light mech needs another set of armor. So get off your lazy but and scan it again!"
 "Yes, boss!"
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Ves shook his head as the tech scurried back to the scanners. The main issue that plagued the mechs owned by the Whalers was that the mech technicians lacked supervision. They didn't hire a chief technicians to ride on their backs.
 This left Ves with the tiresome job of hounding the awful technicians to do the work they should have been doing from the start.
 "Really, they've cut so many corners that these mechs could have been round at this point. It's truly a wonder that the Whalers haven't collapsed from all the rust."
 It truly vexed Ves to know how badly the Whalers handled their logistics. He wasn't even sure if a single whaler besides Dietrich even knew what that word meant.
 The Happy Jelly emerged at the edge of the Glowing Zone in a lurch. Its oft-repaired and barely functional FTL drive strained to bring the ship into realspace without breaking her apart.
 Ves gripped the cushioned pod seat sight at the moment of transition, but everyone else simply shrugged off their nausea and went back to work. They had already become used to the violent transitions from the higher dimensions back to the lower ones.
 "Damnit, this ship will really kill them all some day." He muttered as the seat automatically withdrew the straps that held him in the pod. "Tell me you didn’t enjoy the ride, Lucky."
 "Meow!"
 Lucky didn’t look too chipper either. The glowing blue lines of energy between the gaps of his elegant bronze plating burned bright now. Ves surmised that Lucky already accumulated enough energy to evolve from level 2 to level 3. For some reason, the gem cat held back, likely because Ves needed his help if he wanted to make it through the upcoming campaign.
 It didn’t help that many of the mechs the Whalers used enjoyed less than stellar maintenance. The lack of leadership, the shortage in manpower and the pervasive attitude of doing the bare minimum resulted in a lot of heavily degraded mechs.
 The mech technicians often dismissed the minor problems that piled up in a mech, unaware that several unrelated errors could cascade into catastrophic faults down the line.
 Ves had accessed some of the logs and noticed that the Whalers didn’t fight very often. This had allowed the problems to fester, because the Whalers never really experienced a significant loss arising from a lack of maintenance.
 Now they faced a reckoning. According to some of the contingency plans the Blood Claws passed to the Whalers, each mech might be facing an average of six intensive engagements. In these kinds of pitched battles, the mechanical state of any mech was of extreme importance.
 Too bad none of the Whalers really listened to him. The few times he got hold of Walter, the burly man told him to piss off and bother someone else. When Ves approached the officers like Fadah, they’d tell him that he worried too much.
 "Sure, our equipment is crap. That’s a fact. They’re cheap to get and cheap to use. We break things a lot, so we don’t actually bother trying to keep our gear in shape."
 Indeed, over seventy percent of the mechs aboard the Happy Jelly consisted of frontline mechs. In addition, the Whalers acquired at least half of them through the grey or black market, so their reliability was questionable.
 Their only advantage to the gang was that they cost only several million credits a pop. The most basic frontline mech in the Bright Republic could be bought for five million credits. In comparison, Ves thought that some mechs looked like they’d been salvaged from a battlefield and refurbished up to a point where the Whalers snapped them up for half the minimum price.
 Very obviously, the Whalers could put a lot of mechs on the field this way. Most of its members consisted of local recruits from Cloudy Curtain who hadn’t been able to attend a fancy advanced academy offworld.
 This meant that most of them lacked the training and skills to pilot anything more sophisticated than a barebones frontline mech. It would have been useless for them to pilot something as sophisticated as the Blackbleak as they wouldn’t be able to control the mech efficiently.
 "That’s still no excuse to neglect the maintenance of their mechs!"
 Ves wanted to tear his hair out. Even though he kicked the mech technicians assigned to his command into action, they quickly returned to old habits once he walked away. Discipline was nonexistent and playing games on their comms turned out to be their most frequent activity.
 It also didn’t help that Ves didn’t quite fit in with the loose and casual brotherhood the Whalers fostered among themselves. His goodwill for gifting the Blackbeak quickly faded away, and his constant prodding of getting people to work quickly earned him a reputation for being uptight and serious.
 He didn’t care about what other people thought. Everything he accomplished now was one thing he didn’t have to compensate for when the Whalers made landfall.
 "That’s not far away now. I’ve got to get the fast-reaction squad in decent shape before we touch down. I won’t be able to overhaul these mechs on the surface of an active planet."
 The Happy Jelly and the rest of the Whaler fleet slowly gathered in a protective formation and began to fly deeper into the Glowing Zone. On the bridge, a large amount of alerts sounded out as the Jelly’s sensors strained to identify all of the active thruster emissions.
 "At least five-hundred ships are already burning their way towards the inner zone! Over a third of them haven’t activated their transponders!"
 "Hah! Looks like the pirates are scrambling to get a piece of the action as well." Walter joked as he gazed upon the giant projection of the Glowing Zone and the ships they detected so far.
 It did not look too good. While the Whalers brought around twelve functional mech carriers and four supply ships, much of those ships only carried a dozen or half-a-dozen mechs. Only the Happy Jelly was large enough to receive acknowledgement from the Blood Claws.
 Over the next day, the Whaler fleet sluggishly brought their ships towards a random coordinate relative to the Glowing Planet. The Blood Claws along with a handful of smaller outfits already gathered there. The Whaler fleet turned out to be among the last who arrived, much to the consternation of the crew.
 "You should have invested more in your ships, then." Ves pointed out to Fadah.
 "Every extra credit spent on a ship is one credit less we can invest in our mechs."
 Ves could have said that their entire budgeting rested upon a flimsy foundation. Sure, they might not have been able to do anything about the quality of their mech pilots, but they should have put more care in the quality of their mechs.
 Right now, Ves had given up on changing their mindsets. They needed to experience the folly of their ways with their own eyes before they became more receptive to his ideas.
 "When are the Blood Claws setting off?"
 "I’m not sure." Fadah shrugged his shoulders as he patted the Blackbeak. He constantly came back to Ves to demand more adjustments. "Last I heard, all of the outfits that we know of have arrived. We’ve got over two-hundred ships by ourselves. That’s got to be enough to put the Mech Corps to pause."
 "I don’t think so. The Mech Corps always goes for quality over quantity. The Republic doesn’t have the mech pilots to spare for them to throw their lives away so easily. Just one of their carriers can accomplish the same things as your entire Whaler fleet."
 "That’s a lie!"
 "Fadah, even a single fleet carrier outmasses your entire collection of ramshackle converted transports. I can tell, because I’ve been on one."
 There was no getting through Fadah’s thick skull. Practically all of the Whalers except Walter only possessed a limited perspective on how the galaxy truly looked like. Walter could have disabused them of their notions, but the gang leader didn’t seem to bother.
 The delays annoyed the Whalers and much of the other outfits that answered to Monty. Several other fleets such as those led by the mercenary leaders already flew past them as they made their way to the juicy planet. It galled the impatient gang members to see others getting ahead.
 That was until one mercenary transport randomly erupted into pieces.
 At first, the mercenaries aboard the ship around them thought that someone had sabotaged the vessel. The mercenary commanders quickly acted to stop any trigger-happy mercenaries from firing back.
 It turned out the transport had fallen into an invisible curl in spacetime. That quickly halted the vanguard of the fleet. Who could tell if the space ahead hid something else?
 The transport met its end at a fairly significant distance of three light-hours away from the Glowing Planet. Such a distance should have been more than enough to ignore any possible emissions from the active planet due to the inverse-square law.
 "That’s why the Blood Claws haven’t gone ahead." Ves realized. "They’re waiting for something that can mitigate the glowing planet’s hazards."
 "Do you reckon it’s the Mech Corps we’re waiting for?"
 "I don’t know of the Mech Corps even understands what is happening with the Glowing Planet. My gut tells me they’ll borrow the technology from the Coalition or the CFA."
 They only had to wait a couple of hours before their answer arrived. The 4th division of the Mech Corps arrived with massive splendor. Their large, specialized carriers had no trouble recovering from the transition and quickly formed into smaller elements before they soared into the Glowing Zone.
 Hundreds of carriers built for war escorted a smaller number of essential transports. Ves estimated that the 4th division’s fleet brought over ten-thousand mechs spread over five unique regiments.
 All the pomp and circumstance succeeded in cowing the other powers. The 4th division boldly sped their way towards the inner zone without fear for falling into any inexplicable hazards.
 Before everyone could scratch their heads and wonder whether the Mech Corps had lost their mind, a number of strange transports split up from the main fleet. Several transports moved to each major fleet, including the one centered around the Blood Claws.
 News quickly passed on what they contained.
 "Those transports are carrying the Republic’s gifts! They’re carrying something called a dimensional smoother! They emit some kind of field that anchors local realspace and makes it harder for the Glowing Planet to do its freaky stuff!"
 The explanation barely satisfied Ves. The so-called dimensional smoother probably had a better name, but the Blood Claws or the Whalers probably couldn’t wrap their heads around the original meaning, so they grasped for something simpler to describe its effects.
 The name did its job, he supposed. Everyone had been able to imagine the implications of a dimensional smoother. They had to get close to it and hope that it emitted enough power to withstand the Glowing Planet’s mood swings.
 The Blood Claw fleet received three transports, which quickly took up a triangular formation. Naturally, the ships under Monty’s the Betrayer’s direct control received the privilege of flying alongside the transports carrying the dimensional smoothers.
 The Whalers had been assigned at the furthest edge of the formation. That said a lot about their worth to the Blood Claws.
 "They don’t think much of us!"
 "Worst mistake they ever made!"
 "We’ll show them what we’re made of once we start fighting!"
 Truly, the amount of delusion that had infected the Whalers reached a ridiculous level. No matter who he talked to, everyone seemed to think the campaign would be a walk in the park, or at worst a slog through a muddy road.
 Only Ves thought that the road ahead resembled a treacherous cliff. Sometimes, he regretted joining the Whaler fleet. He hadn’t imagined they’d be so incompetent. Then he thought about Raella and the missions he accepted from the Society and the System.
 He had a feeling the System knew more about the Glowing Planet than anyone else in this star sector. When the System broke its silence and demanded him to seek out something from the planet’s core, Ves received a massive fright.
 "There’s something about the Glowing Planet that nags me. If it only hold a huge amount of junk exotics, how come its emissions are so strong?"
 It would have been explainable if a ship ended up dead if it wandered close to the Glowing Planet’s orbit. Yet to be able to influence its surrounding space so much to the point of tearing apart a vessel light-hours away, it must be hiding something special.
 "I guess we’ll see in a day or two when we make landfall."
 Once the Blood Claw fleet settled into place, the huge formation slowly swept forward. All the other fleet resumed their journey to the Glowing Planet as well once they gathered around the dimensional smoothers.
 Everything seemed fine and dandy, until a large number of ships arrived from a different angle. Alarm swept throughout the ships which figured out the identity of the newcomers.
 "It’s the Vesians!"
 Everyone expected the Vesians to come to the Glowing Planet. How could they not, when its resources lay bare to their archrivals?
 Anything the Bright Republic enjoyed, the Vesians always tried to ruin it. They’d been waging several wars against the Bright Republic for over a hundred years just to snatch the Bentheim System.
 It was a matter of time before they came.
 "They still arrived too quickly." Fadah muttered. "They must have sneaked past the border the moment they heard the news. Not that’s it’s hard to cross the border anyhow."
 In the vast depths of space, borders served a symbolic purpose. The distances involved were simply too large to defend. Still, even if the Vesians strolled past the Republic’s outposts, they shouldn’t have reached the Glowing Planet for at least a couple more days.
 Ves deducted a frightening reason why they showed up so early. "The Vesians already prepared their invasion forces. They finished their mobilization a while ago. It’s not too much of a stretch to think they readied their mechs and ships for a short hop across the border."
 The Vesians already primed their forces for an invasion. Upon obtaining word of the Glowing Planet, they merely had to gather some extra mining equipment and obtain a couple of dimensional smoothers before they could make their move.
 "Damn! They deployed a jamming field! We can’t get a good look at what they brought."
 The Blood Claw fleet shared some telemetry with the other fleets in order to determine the fleet’s makeup, but all they could figure out was that the Vesians numbered in the hundreds.
 "It’s not a huge fleet, but they can steamroll any other fleet in their way."
 Despite their presence at the opposite side of the Glowing Zone, nobody truly panicked as of yet. Just because the Vesians arrived didn’t mean they could destroy anything in its way. As long as any fleet built up enough relative velocity, they’d be able to evade any pursuit.
 Still, that didn’t help too much if a fleet wanted to support their mechs on the ground. Only the most powerful fleets possessed the strength to contest for orbital supremacy.
 All of that remained a concern for the future, as the Vesians didn’t appear to be in a hurry to move.
 "I think the Vesians are waiting for reinforcements. They don’t have the numbers to match the 4th Bentheim Division."
 "It’s likely the Vesians have spread out their forces along the border. The ones who came first just happened to be nearest to the Glowing Planet."
 Despite the interruption, the Mech Corps and the other fleets aligned with the Republic resumed their burn to the Glowing Planet. Covered under the protective embrace of the dimensional smoother, none of the ships had to worry about being torn apart by a freak gravitic storm. Still, some of the ships at the edges occasionally shook, as if the Planet attempted to pound past the field emitted by the smoothers.
 The Happy Jelly suffered three major impacts, in fact. Ves didn’t know whether the transport was unlucky or offended the Glowing Planet in some way, because they all suffered from continuous turbulence.
 "This is ridiculous! It’s like the Glowing Planet has it out for us!"
 Ves approached the lazy technician from behind and kicked him from his perch. "If you have enough free time to complain, then you have enough time to the reassembly. Get to it!"
 According to the plan, they’d be making landfall in a day or two. Ves did the best he could with the limited amount of manpower and resources available, and he succeeded in increasing the longevity of the mechs under his purview.
 "It’s all band aids compared to what they really need. Half of the mechs in the fast-reaction squad are nearing the end of their service life."
 At least learned a lot out of this experience. He witnessed many ways in which a mech started to degrade.
 The most typical cause of failure was when a mech’s processors and delicate components started to falter first.
 Those were easy enough to replace. Unfortunately, when larger components showed some signs of giving up, the mech technicians simply shrugged and went back to sleep.
 That left many mechs with a dangerous build-up of fragile components that could break as soon as something gave them a little push. Ves had already prepared himself for massive casualties among the Whalers if the Blood Claws didn’t give them an easy assignment.
 Over the next two days, the Whalers finally turned a little serious. More ships arrived. Hundreds more. Thousands more. An uncountable amount of ships had gathered in the Glowing Zone, and many of them had never been seen before. Very likely, the ships that tried their best to obscure their identities came from murky backgrounds.
 The thought of competing against hordes of pirates and other scum forced the ships from the Republic to move quickly. The transports carrying the dimensional smoothers picked up the pace, forcing many outdated transports or converted transports to stress their thrusters to their limits.
 All of this had been worth it, because the Blood Claws and their allies arrived over orbit with hardly any opposition as of yet. The 4th Bentheim Division arrived first, of course. Their modern, combat-hardened ships could muscle through anything, and the abundant number of dimensional smoothers in their fleet ensured the planet wouldn’t be able to stop their approach.
 A number of mechs had already been deployed to the surface. They scouted the terrain and made sure the dimensional smoothers sent alongside them worked as advertised.
 The Blood Claws didn’t wait for the tests to conclude. They sent down their own mechs to secure the juicy territories allocated to their fleet. Right now, not a lot of ships had neared the Glowing Planet as of yet, as none of the opportunists had access to a dimensional smoother that could grant them safe passage.
 "While the pirates and lone wolves are figuring things out, we’ll be on the surface picking up credits from the ground!" Walter announced at the main hangar. "Now, the gravity of the planet is only 0.7 g, which is enough for some of our lightest transports to shuttle our mechs down. That said, I’m not feeling confident they’ll hold up very long if we do that, so we’ll stick with our newest ships."
 The Whalers acquired a decent amount of ships in the last couple of years, but none of them possessed clean histories. Walter tentatively picked out two reasonably intact transports to bring their mechs down to the surface.
 Fada and the fast-reaction squad had been assigned to the second wave after Walter and his closest men arrived first. Ves had been assigned to the second wave as well along with some supplies and some technicians.
 He stared at the projection of the Glowing Planet. Now that they arrived in orbit, Ves got to enjoy a beautiful picture of a planet in chaos.
 For some reason, the planet predominately glowed green. Its scarred and broken land masses showed that it had suffered enormously from the event that threw it off into space. Further exotic activity had further damaged the continents until they became an ugly manifestation of the raw forces of the universe.
 "How rare are treasure troves like this?"
 "Planets like these are come from the galactic heartland." Ves explained to Fadah as they boarded the passenger compartment of the transport. "They’re not exactly common, but they’re abundant enough that it won’t alarm an entire star sector. It’s just another tuesday for them as far as they’re concerned."
 "I guess that’s why they use the work junk exotics. As if any exotic is as plain as sand."
 The entire incident showcased the disparity between the galactic rim and the galactic heartland. Before the Age of Mechs, humanity had undergone a feverish expansion into the stars. As they travelled towards the galactic center, they came across increasingly more valuable and abundant exotics, to the point where most of the pioneers hardly looked back to Earth.
 The galactic rim was the largest but most resource-depleted portion of the galaxy. Sometimes a treasure hunter scored a lucky find, but its value always amounted to a fraction of what someone from the galactic heartland earned in day.
 The transport finished loading up the supplies and drifted away from the Happy Jelly. It turned towards the chaotic blackened landscape below and aimed for a spot near the landing site of the Blood Claws.
 "Here we go, folks! I suggest you hold on to your crash seats, because we’ll be going in fast!"
 The transport shuddered severely as it dove towards the surface alongside a Mech Corps vessel that carried a dimensional smoother. The Whaler transport had to endure a punishing descent in order to keep up with the faster Mech Corps ship.
 The Glowing Planet didn’t possess an atmosphere, but spacetime didn’t always work as expected up close. Even within the envelope of the dimensional smoother, the transport still encountered lots of turbulence.
 Everyone’s crash seats closed up around their bodies in protective pods. The systems governing the transport had judged the situation to be too dangerous.
 Inside his seat, Ves quietly waited for the transport to make it through. He held Lucky in his grasp. The cat had grown scared of the intense fluctuations around them.
 "It’s okay Lucky, we’re almost there."
 Two agonizing hours later, the transport eased its turbulent flight. They successfully reached the surface of the Glowing Planet. It landed a moment later on a crude landing pad that the first wave prepared after their arrival.
 Once the transport shut off its engines and opened up the hatch, everyone released a primal roar for making it out alive.
 "Alright, enough hooting around!" Fadah yelled over their comm channel. "Get in your mechs and follow your assignments!"
 Similar to Groening IV, the Glowing Planet wasn’t able to support human life. Perhaps it might have featured its own alien ecosystem, but getting knocked away from a sun had a tendency to kill off everything living on the surface. Temperatures had reached far below freezing points as well, which forced everyone not inside a mech to wear a bulky hazard suit.
 Even Ves didn’t dare test his genetically modified body against the frightening chill that pervaded the planet. No sun rested in the sky to warm up its surface. No atmosphere allowed life to breathe any air or propagate any sounds.
 When Ves stepped out to the surface, he admired the raw beauty of the broken landscape before him. Among the shards of broken rocks and the ominous glow of green, Ves enjoyed a sensation of wonder and purpose.
 "Maybe I should have been a treasure hunter. Setting foot on the unknown always seems to buoy me up."
 He let down Lucky on the rocky ground and looked whether he did anything special. The gem cat had already recovered from the harrowing descent, and began to sniff the nearby terrain.
 His mouth opened up in a meow that couldn’t be heard due to the lack of atmosphere. It didn’t matter much as Lucky raced off towards a nearby hill of rocks. Lucky deftly clawed a couple of useless pieces apart until he came across a mineral vein that glowed in low green.
 The mechanical cat sliced a generous portion from the rock with his energy claws and began to shop it into finer bits before beginning to gobble them all up.
 Ves laughed at the sight. It figured that Lucky would be able to locate any nearby exotics. Lucky loved to eat exotics, though Ves never brought him much due to the expense involved. The LMC would have to go bankrupt in order to satisfy his pet’s rapacious appetite.
 "Looks like that isn’t the case here. The minerals also aren’t as tough and hard to find as those found in Groening IV."
 While that made it easier for the Whalers to extract some extra wealth, it also presented an irresistible draw to unsavory people. The pirates wouldn’t be content to watch on while the rest started pulling riches from the soil.
 The Whalers could celebrate for now, but once the riffraff moved into action, they’d be hard-pressed to keep their lives.
 The first set of mining equipment went up within the hour. The Whalers didn’t bring much gear, and much of what they acquired must have been third-hand equipment at best.
 As predicted, the machines quickly broke down.
 "Ves!" Someone called out over the local channel. "Come over and help us fix this piece of junk!"
 With quiet resignation, Ves stopped his inspection of a mech that hadn’t been able to start up and jogged over with his bulky hazard suit. The mining gear in question consisted of an anchored drill meant to dig its way into the ground in a slanted angle. It didn’t cost very much due to its low-tech principles, but the drill bits often wore out quickly.
 "What’s the problem?"
 "The machine crashed right as it was about to get past the top layer!" The techie in charge of the gear complained. "I kicked the control box a couple of times but it isn’t doing anything!"
 "Maybe it will help if you refrain from kicking the control circuits." Ves grumbled to the man. "Let me take a look at this rusted junk. My guess is this thing is already at its limit."
 The amount of people who still believed they could fix a broken machine by slapping it around could form an entire first-rate superstate. Even mech technicians fell into this belief sometimes.
 Contrary to his belief, the mining drill had been acquired relatively recently. Whoever sold it to the Whalers did a decent job at patching it up. Its endurance should have been sufficient to operate at these conditions.
 "The machine is sound." Ves carefully scoured the exterior of the drill. "Nothing seems out of place. It’s worn, but not broken. Maybe it’s just run out of power."
 "That’s impossible! It just received a fresh energy cell!"
 Ves called for a scanner while continuing to inspect the drill. It hadn’t hit anything hard and it didn’t look like it had been tampered with. Nothing had jammed the mechanisms eithers.
 He wanted to check the programming of the machine as well, but the lack of power prevented him from doing so. He’d have to pull the processors from the mining gear in order to inspect the software, and that was a lot of hassle for a single broken drill.
 Once someone brought over a man-sized scanner, Ves used it to inspect the innards of the machine. Even though he didn’t specialize in designing mining equipment, the simple drill in front of him didn’t pose any challenge to him. He easily identified most components and reasonably surmised they didn’t look broken.
 "I found nothing strange so far." Ves concluded after he finished scanning the entire drill. "The hardware looks okay. I’m inclined to say it’s either the software or the power supply that’s at fault."
 "Maybe the Glowing Planet did something to the drill. You know, like overload its processors and stuff."
 "There’s no sign of any damage to the processors, but perhaps it’s programming has been tampered with. I’ll have to extract the chips and bring them back to the temporary workshop that’s being set up right now."
 Still, Ves had a suspicion that the power supply might be at fault. The drill did shut down completely as if its power had disappeared. Ves carefully called for some tools and began to expose the energy cell powering the drill. He carefully inspected the amount of energy.
 "This doesn’t make any sense. The energy cell is at two-hundred-and-thirteen percent capacity. That’s impossible!"
 Ves carefully placed the energy cell back into its slot and backed away quickly. An overloaded energy cell could easily blow up in his face. Even his hazard suit and strengthened body wouldn’t survive the sheer amount of power released by the explosion.
 "When did you last put this energy cell into the drill?"
 "Just a couple of hours ago when the transport shipped the mining gear onto the surface! I swear the energy cell looked normal! The drill even said its cell had been charged up to seventy-three percent!"
 Energy cells deteriorated over time and when people used them. It wouldn’t be surprising for an energy cell as old as this to charge up to seventy-three percent.
 "So how did it suddenly end up with more than triple its maximum charge?"
 No one could answer that question. All of the technicians around Ves appeared clueless. They would have scratched their heads if their hazards suits weren’t in the way.
 "Okay, just set this energy cell aside and put another one in it. Better yet, just hook it up to something else and drain it. Just do it somewhere quiet."
 No one wanted to deal with a potential bomb, so Ves assigned a random technician to deal with the problem.
 Everyone thought that should have been the end of it, until two different mining equipment shut down at the same time. The Whalers placed more importance on their mining gear than their mechs at this point, so Ves had to pull away from a broken mech again to inspect the disabled machines.
 Once might have been a coincidence, but twice and thrice should be a deliberate occurrence. "I’m going to make a guess and say that these diggers are suffering from the same problem."
 Different from the drill, the diggers excelled at burrowing into terrain. They also strengthened the tunnels they carved out, allowing mechs to tread inside without risking a collapse.
 Ves didn’t approach the machines himself this time. He called for a couple of bots and carefully controlled them through his comm. They carefully exposed the energy cell and carried some tools to test their charge.
 Both cells possessed way more charges than they should. "This cell is two-and-a-half times overcharged, while that other cell holds more than five times the amount of energy it should!"
 Everyone backed off even further from the digging machine that held that remarkable energy cell. Not one of them possessed the courage to do something about it. Ves had to tackle the problem himself by using bots to extract the energy cells and throwing them far away.
 Panic had a way of spreading quickly. Word of the faulty energy cells had reached the entire makeshift camp. No one wanted to operate the mining equipment in person. They all stepped away from the machines and tentatively controlled them by remote, which lowered their efficiency by half.
 The problem had become so severe that Walter showed in person. "What’s this nonsense about overcharged power cells?!"
 "Sir, the energy cells aren’t sound. Any cell that’s put into a mining gear will randomly acquire several times the energy it should have been able to hold at its best. I’ve inspected some of the cells and even disassembled one after I drained its charge. Nothing points to any foul play. I even checked their logs. They’ve all been charged up to their safest maximum capacity."
 That didn’t say much to Ves, as the logs could have easily been tampered with by a malicious actor. Even Melkor with his limited training could have accomplished such a job on outdated hardware such at this. If only the Whalers brought some actual security experts on the expedition. He could have left the puzzling to them instead of relying on his limited computer skills.
 Walter grumbled a bit underneath his strengthened piloting helm. "Whatever it is, it’s affecting our earnings. We aren’t getting much of a share from the Blood Claws, so we have to do our own digging to make the expedition worth it. We can’t afford to let these machines go idle!"
 "I really don’t know what’s going on. It could be sabotage or it could be the Glowing Planet acting up. I suggest you contact the Blood Claws and tell them about the problems we are having. Maybe they are dealing with something similar."
 They briefly waited while Walter switched to another channel. All of the interference outputted by the Glowing Planet made wireless communications almost impossible, but the Blood Claws extended hardline connections to each peripheral group.
 "The guy I spoke to wants us to send them all the relevant data." Walter gruffed after he switched back to the local channel. "He seems really pushy about it as well. Makes me think they’re dealing with the same problem."
 That ruled out sabotage as a possible cause. His hunch that the Glowing Planet might be responsible for the faulty energy cells grew stronger.
 Ves wordlessly passed the logs and other files he gathered to Walter, who sent them on to the Blood Claws.
 "He shut the channel!"
 "I don’t think the Blood Claws can give you answers at this time."
 If the problem turned out to be widespread, then that changed the entire equation. Both mechs and mining equipment had to be used with care. Ves specifically included mechs into his consideration because they used the same type of energy cells that powered the mining equipment.
 "What about fuel-based energy cells?" A tech suddenly spurted out. "They should still work fine, since they don’t contain any pure energy."
 The idea had a lot of merit. Ves couldn’t believe a Whaler actually made such a keen observation before he came up with it himself. "That’s a brilliant idea. Let me check something out. Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone."
 He left Walter and the clueless technicians behind and raced off towards where the fast-reaction squad had holed up. "Fadah!"
 "Yeah, Ves?" The old man yawned as he tried to sleep inside his bulky reinforced piloting suit. "What’s the hurry?"
 "Get inside the Blackbeak and do some exercises."
 "Why the hell would I do that? My mech needs to be in tip-top shape in case any trouble arrives."
 "We’re already in trouble! Haven’t you heard about the overcharged energy cells? It’s not only affecting us, but the Blood Claws as well! I need you to get inside the Blackbeak and expend its fuel. We need to test whether fuel-based energy cells are affected by this phenomenon as well."
 Even though Fadah grumbled about missing his routine afternoon nap, he knew that Walter would get on his back if he continued to refuse. He reluctantly climbed into the cockpit and activated the mech.
 "Okay, just find a place where you won’t be disturbed and try to drain its fuel as fast as possible."
 "Hah! I can do fast!"
 Once he stepped inside his mech, it was as if Fadah turned into an entirely different pilot. He enthusiastically brought the Blackbeak forward and found a nearby empty valley to practice some advanced techniques.
 While the complicated movements should cause the fuel cell to drain faster than usual, Ves designed the Blackbeak to last for an extremely long time.
 It’s low-burning power reactor and highly efficient engine didn’t give the Blackbeak any means to drain its power quickly, unlike a cannonneer mech that could easily drain its energy reserves as long as it paid attention to its heat management.
 Ves didn’t expect a result, and even if nothing happened to the Blackbeak’s energy supply, it didn’t mean that other fuel-based machines were immune. Ves tracked down several other fuel-based mechs and harried their pilots into draining their reserves.
 As Ves watched the mechs go off on their jaunts, he sighed inside his helmet. "Even if these fuel-based mechs are immune, it won’t help our mining equipment at all. They’re all powered by pure energy."
 He guessed that even the more sophisticated mining equipment in the hands of the Blood Claws and the Mech Corps operated on energy as well. It was safer, more compact and easy to slot into a variety of machines.
 Right now, the entire Whaler mining operation had ground to a virtual halt. Hardly any operator pushed their machines. They feared setting off the energy cells inside of them should they draw a lot of power.
 Ves figured that the best miner in their camp should be Lucky. His gem cat behaved like connoisseur who sneaked into a top-class banquet. Trash exotics didn’t interest him anymore. Only the choicest of exotics deserved consumption.
 Despite the massive power consumption of his energy claws, Lucky probably gained that back and more with each rare exotic broken down in his stomach. His energy reserves must be bulging with power.
 "Wait a minute." Ves stood up in alarm. How could Lucky accumulate so much energy when he already reached the threshold of evolving to the next level? Only one thing could explain it. "Damn it! Lucky! Where are you?!"
 Lucky could take care of himself. Ves had no doubt about that. The gem cat gifted by the System possessed a keen mind and a lively personality. His bronze-like mechanical body also hid a number of cutting-edge technologies that should have been exclusive to the first-rate superstates.
 Still, his cat worked like any other animated pet and ran on an extremely compact high-capacity energy source. Ves suspected that his shield generator, which was another source of consternation right now, utilized the same type of energy storage as well.
 All of that energy pressed into a tiny battery made for a very volatile package. Who knew how much overcharge these super-advanced could actually take.
 "The regular batteries haven’t blown up yet so far. That should be a good sign."
 Ves didn’t want to contemplate the sight of scattered bronze-like parts. He quickly activated his comm and activated the tracker, only to come up with an error message that stated that it couldn’t find a signal.
 "Damn this interference!"
 He ran around asking people if they saw his cat. Lucky became a known figure during their stay with the Whalers, so everyone recognized him on sight.
 "Your fancy cat? Oh yeah, he just raced towards the right an hour ago."
 "Lucky dug up something near the mining drill over there before turning around to go the other way."
 "That little critter stole my shiny ore! I was holding on to it when he swiped it from my fingers and ran off over the hill over there!"
 Hearing the stories about Lucky made it clear his cat didn’t suffer any ill effects as of yet. In fact, he seemed downright exuberant. That could be good or bad. Good in that Lucky thought he wasn’t in danger. Bad in that he continued to take in more energy, thereby ratcheting up his energy density to a catastrophic level.
 "Where are you, Lucky?"
 After spending more than an hour chasing spurious leads, Ves finally tracked Lucky down in a craggy obsidian valley. Ves found a little mound where Lucky had dug into the rocky ground until he reached a deposit of glowing green chunks.
 As if he had no care in the world, Lucky lazily munched the pieces he dislodged with his claws. The cat winked his eyes and swished his tails like he enjoyed the best buffet in his entire life.
 "Lucky! There you are!"
 His cat turned around and gazed at him for a second before turning back to resume his never-ending eating spree. To Lucky, Ves didn’t appear to be as important as highly energetic exotic minerals.
 The lack of air on the Glowing Planet prevented any sounds from being propagated, but Lucky somehow found a way to transmit his voice through the local comm channel.
 "Let me take a look at you. I need to see whether you’re about to burst from all of your consumption."
 Ves carefully took out a portable scanner and tried to look inside Lucky’s innards. Unfortunately, Lucky’s extraordinary exterior blocked any scans, not that Ves understood how Lucky worked in the first place.
 He could only judge his cat’s exterior for signs of any danger. Last Ves saw him, his cat featured glowing blue lines in the gaps between his outer plates. The stronger the glow, the more energy his cat had accumulated.
 Right now, the glow had turned into a shade of green, the same shade emitted by the Glowing Planet in fact. Lucky might have acquired some of the traits endemic to the planet.
 "What’s going on with you? Why are you glowing green all of a sudden?"
 Typical for Lucky, the cat ignored him entirely. Ves had already learned he wouldn’t be able to get his pet to respond. Lucky also wouldn’t appreciate being taken away from this treasure of a planet.
 "Alright, I give up. Just continue to much if you wish. Just don’t go too far and stop when you feel bloated."
 "Meow!"
 Even though the overcharge phenomenon concerned Ves a lot, he slowly started to suspect that the energy cells might not be as unstable as he thought. He returned to the camp of the Whaler and approached the boss.
 "Ves." Walter gruffed at him over a private comm. "Did you figure out what’s going on yet?"
 "Not really. I think the planet or a particular combination of exotics are to blame for the overcharged energy cells. It’s able to affect any kind of cell that works on energy, and I don’t think it’s limited to mech-sized energy cells. The batteries that power our comm and other equipment should be susceptible to the phenomenon as well, although we haven’t seen any smaller gear being affected as of yet."
 "So what does this all mean for us?"
 Ves paused for a moment. He was about to make a very dangerous suggestion. "I think we should continue to work with the overcharged energy cells. We should test them as well, but we can’t wait for the results."
 The biggest issue right now was that the Vesians, pirates and other opportunistic scum would move in eventually. When that happened, the Mech Corps shifted to phase 2, retracting most of its mining operations around the planet to fortify one single red zone.
 The Blood Claws and Walter’s Whalers would also have to abandon this promising mineral-rich area and move towards the edge of the perimeter set by the military.
 As expected, Walter gave in to the suggestion. "You’re right. This is the best time to be mining exotics. We can’t afford to sit around and wait for a miracle to save us."
 They announced their decision to the Whalers, which stunned them into a stupor.
 "I ain’t gonna work with these bombs! It’s suicide!"
 "It’s not safe to pilot any mech!"
 "SHUT UP!" Walter yelled over the channel, overriding everyone else’s complaints. "We came here to make our fortune, and we always knew that we’d be facing danger. Compared to fighting other mechs, what’s so scary about a few supercharged energy cells?"
 While his words made sense, it didn’t reassure them at all. Enemies haven’t shown up yet so it was easy for them to dismiss those distant threats. In contrast, they sat right next to those overcharged energy cells.
 Ves left the job of motivating the men to work to Walter, since it directly affected the earnings of his gang. For once, Ves didn’t have to kick around the Whalers by himself, leaving him free to investigate the overcharged energy cells. He ordered the technicians to gather a couple of the cells in question.
 "What do you want to do with these cells?" A techie asked as his bot delivered the cell to a pile of other affected cells. None of the technicians went close to those cells.
 "The first thing I want to find out is what happens if we blow it up."
 To prevent any panic among the men, Ves decided to conduct his experiments far away from the camp. He brought a cell to an open depression behind a mass of jagged hill and moved behind cover. He already affixed an explosive to the cell in question.
 After setting up some sensors and scanners, Ves detonated the charge.
 A massive blast engulfed the site. Electric discharge blasted out and reached out over fifty meters away. Nobody up close could have withstood the blast.
 From the readings Ves had made, he determined that the mining equipment had no chance of making it out unscathed, especially since the energy cells had to be placed inside of them where the manufacturers only included basic safeguards against accidental discharges.
 Just to be sure, Ves blew up a variety of overcharged cells. Some only carried an overcharge of 150 percent, while the worst ones boasted an overcharge close to 700 percent.
 The results didn’t reassure him at all. The power of the blast was directly proportional to the amount of overcharge contained within the affected cells. By his reckoning, the 700 percent cell could even overpower the Blackbeak’s impressive armor system.
 Ves used his last cells to test whether they had become more volatile. He controlled a couple of bots to heap abuse on the poor cells. From throwing them from above, to dropping increasingly heavier rocks on them, Ves didn’t spare any mercy for the devices.
 Surprisingly enough, the cells held up. Their designs came with many safeguards that prevented them from blowing up, and all of these measures worked as advertised despite their lackluster quality.
 Walter’s Whalers might buy cheap components, but they made sure they selected the most rugged ones in their price range. All of the energy cells they used came from reputable manufacturers whose designs had been tested over and over in the frontier.
 Once Ves finally pushed an energy cell past its limit, its final safeguards insured that most of the energy discharge harmlessly fried the ground.
 "Strange. Why do the safeguards still work despite dealing with such a massive amount of energy?"
 Ves ordered the bots to pack up the scanners and bring them back to the pack while he mused about the issue. The entire overcharge phenomenon seemed strange. They blew up with incredibly fanfare if affected by an explosion, but regular physical abuse seemed to treat them like they didn’t hold an overcharge at all.
 The results led him to a strange but compelling conclusion. He immediately sought out Walter and opened up a private channel.
 "The men reported lots of flashes over the hill. Did you find out what’s the big deal about these cells?"
 "I think I figured out what’s going on. It’s not that these energy cells suddenly received an injection of excess energy. In the perspective of the energy cells, they always contained the same amount of charge."
 Walter couldn’t wrap his head around the explanation. "So it’s an illusion? It’s all fake?"
 "If the overcharge phenomenon is an illusion, then it shouldn’t have forced the mining equipment to shut down. You see, the energy cells think they contain a normal charge, but the mining equipment detect they’re dealing with an overcharge. This triggers their safeguards and forces them to shut down."
 That still didn’t illuminate the issue to Walter, so Ves dumbed down his explanation even further.
 "Look, imagine a bottle of water. The bottle thinks its filled to the brim. There’s nothing unusual about that. However, when someone picks it up and is about to take a couple of swallows, he sees the bottle is under an immense amount of pressure. Somehow, the bottle is carrying thrice the amount of water than it should have fit."
 "If that’s the case, then the bottle shouldn’t be able to fit that much liquid at all." Walter replied. "Your example is rubbish."
 Ves shrugged off the complaint. "Actually, it’s possible if you use extreme pressure, but forget about all that. Just assume that the bottle is carrying three times as much water than it ought to. Now, you have a bottle that thinks it contains a normal amount, and an outside observer who sees that it holds an excess amount of water."
 "Then who is right?"
 "Both of them. Neither of them."
 That really got Walter lost again. Ves sighed and palmed his head, only to bump his helmet with his hazard suit’s gauntlet.
 "It’s complicated, I know, but just bear with me. Rather than say one side is right and one side is wrong, it’s more apt to say that the Glowing Planet has affected the fabric of reality in such a way that a quantity of water is somehow turned into a larger quantity of liquid, but it still takes up as much space as the smaller quantity."
 "And this means?"
 "Ultimately, it means the overcharged energy cells won’t blow up on their own. It takes a lot of effort to get them to explode, just like what would already happen to a regular energy cell. Basically, you can throw the energy cells around and you won’t risk any explosions in this way, but if you place them in front of a laser rifle and fire at them, you’ll get a massive blast in return."
 This changed the rules of engagement in a major way. The mining equipment wouldn’t explode from regular use, though the technicians would have disable some of their safeguards to get them to work.
 The real danger came from combat. Both mechs and mining equipment that contained any overcharged energy cells became extremely susceptible to catastrophic explosions.
 The worst thing about it was that the problem would only get worse. As time went on, more and more energy cells continued to receive an overcharge. By the end of the week, Ves predicted that pretty much every energy cell based on direct energy turned into a potential bomb.
 The only cells that remained free of the problem consisted of fuel-based energy cells like the one he incorporated in the Blackbeak.
 "That reminds me, how’s much progress has Fadah made in draining his mech’s energy reserves."
 The Whalers went back to work while the Technicians modified every machine. They manually disabled the safeguards that prevented them from working if they detected any abnormalities from their energy cells.
 It all put the workers operating the mining equipment on pins and needles. They hardly became enthusiastic about the prospect of working next to potential bombs.
 "I didn’t sign up for this! Even slaves have it better than this!"
 Walter raced down towards the idiot who said that over the local channel and knocked his helmet with a meaty fist. "Shut up you idiot! How can you call yourself a Whaler when you cower away before an enemy has even showed up? Stop dragging your feet and get back on that machine!"
 Ves felt a vindictive sense of satisfaction at seeing Walter try to push his men and women to work. He finally reaped what he sowed for making it normal for his men to skip out on their work.
 Still, if the mining operators had it bad, then the mech pilots had it worse. Their high-powered mechs burned through energy as fast as Lucky munched through minerals.
 Not only did mechs carry lots of energy cells, they also used more potent types that crammed as much energy in as little space as possible. While they came with the latest and most advanced safeguards available to their manufacturers, it still didn’t detract from the fact that they blew up under certain circumstances.
 Now, all those energy cells slowly turned into portable bombs slotted straight into the spines of every mech. Ves estimated that around eighty percent of all mechs ran on energy cells. Mechs that ran on fuel cells typically enjoyed less popularity due to the difficulties involved with resupply.
 In fact, the Whalers themselves had to borrow a few containers of medium-density mech-grade fuel to keep the Blackbeak running.
 Ves approached Blackbeak. He ordered Fadah to exercise the mech and see whether it showed any abnormalities with regards to its power supply. Right now, a technician replaced the spent fuel cells, showing that the exercise had finally finished.
 "Did anything stand out when you used up all of its fuel?"
 Fadah yawned behind his helmet. ’Yeah, the mech lasted far too long. This rogue planet’s reduced gravity also isn’t helping much. Your mech is so goddamn efficient that I had to dive in the operating system and crank up the power past its ordinary limits."
 That didn’t sound so good to Ves. "Overloading your mech won’t do it any good. Now I’ll have to check your Blackbeak again for any faults."
 "Whatever. In any case, the Blackbeak worked like a charm. Every move is light and responsive and the power draw looks normal as well."
 Ves confirmed Fadah’s observation by inspecting the logs. Everything operated within parameters. The fuel cells hadn’t suddenly become stuffed with additional fuel, and the power reactor also functioned as normal.
 It was as if the Blackbeak cheerfully went about its day while most of its fellow mechs developed diseases.
 This finding came as a huge relief to Fadah. "Looks like enemies won’t be able to pop me in a single hit."
 The news spread quickly, and over the next couple of hours, Ves received word from the Blood Claws that they observed the same results, barring some exceptions. Certain ranged weapons drew their power from magazines instead of a mech’s internal power supply. These mechs still remained vulnerable to the overcharge phenomenon even if the mechs themselves ran on fuel.
 "There’s nothing we can do about it." Ves told the people who asked for a fix. "As far as I’m aware of, the Glowing Planet is emitting a field that changes the properties of the energy cells on the fly. We can’t even detect it, let alone block it from affecting our gear."
 "Don’t we have the dimensional smoother to protect us from this stuff?"
 "The dimensional smoother is not a miracle device. It’s designed to fulfill a very specific role. Its main job is to stabilize the surrounding gravitics so people won’t get turned inside out or get thrown into orbit all of a sudden. You’d need a different machine to affect electromagnetic fluctuations."
 The Whalers, the Blood Claws and every other force on the planet eventually resumed their work. After the first modified machines operated normally, people started to let down their guards. Ves had been right that the energy cells wouldn’t blow up on its own if it received a tiny bump. It took a lot more effort to get them to explode.
 A couple of days went by as everyone on the planet hurried to extract as much exotics as possible. As long as nobody attacked their mechs or equipment, they didn’t have to be afraid of anything.
 For some reason, the Glowing Planet didn’t agree. Ever since they made landfall, the men started to suffer from hallucinations. They saw things that shouldn’t be there, talked to people who already died and even thought they’d been sent to an alternate universe.
 Only one in thousand reported abnormalities like this, and everyone else dismissed them as paranoid delusions triggered by anxiety. No one wanted to admit that the Glowing Planet had even more weirdness in store for them. Half of the energy cells they brought to the surface had already become overcharged.
 Two developments in space delivered bad news to the forces on the planet. The Bright Republic’s mortal enemy had finally made their move.
 "The Vesians are coming!"
 The massive Vesian armada consisted of over two-thousand ships, the majority of which carried a mix of spaceborn and landbound mechs. Sending so many ships must have meant the Vesians had committed to a battle for supremacy over the Glowing Planet. They obviously played for keeps and angled to take its bountiful wealth away from the Republic.
 "We only have three more days until the Vesians reach orbit! Mine as much as we can, because we’ll be moving camp in two days!"
 The workers finally disregarded their concerns about safety in an effort to dig up as much higher quality exotics as possible. They left the ubiquitous junk exotics aside in favor of smaller quantities of ores that yielded tiny amounts of pure exotics. The Whalers didn’t possess the necessary facilities to process the ores on site, so they had to leave the bulk materials behind.
 During this time, the mercenaries finally arrived over the glowing planet. A significant amount of mercenaries hired themselves to the Republic, enabling them to make use of the 4th division’s dimensional smoothers.
 Still, despite being in their camp, the Mech Corps didn’t trust them very much, leaving them to make landfall in some of the least active zones on the Glowing Planet. The mercenary lords probably aimed to avoid contesting the hotspots in favor accumulating a steady amount of exotics.
 Not every mercenary lord decided to bat for the Republic. The wanted to remain independent in order to reap the richest harvests. The mercenary lords in charge of those fleets held back their forces at the outer edge of the Glowing Zone in order to wait for an opportunity to pounce.
 That left the scattered pirate groups. Each outfit stayed on their own. Unlike the mercenaries, the pirates lacked a charismatic leader that could draw the separate groups together. They seemed destined to remain scattered and distrustful.
 That was until the notorious Dragons of the Void arrived.
 They came with only three hundred ships, many of which appeared to be of dubious quality. Ves was old friends with the Dragons of the Void, so he knew about their modus operandi.
 "Most of those ships are cannon fodder. Don’t mistake their crew as part of the Dragons of the Void. They’re actually brainwashed to the point where they’d eagerly meet their deaths if the Dragons gave the order. The real core of the Dragon fleet consists of only a dozen ships at the center of their formation."
 Fadah frowned at that news. "If they treat those ships as trash, then they’ll treat their mechs the same way. Do you reckon they’ll be scared of any overcharged energy cells?"
 "The leaders will probably see it as a welcome surprise." Ves pressed his lips. "I can already imagine them looking forward to strapping additional energy cells onto their mechs and sending them off as suicide bombers."
 The Bright Republic enjoyed the home advantage of being nearest to the Glowing Planet. They’d also been able to forge a loose cooperation with the non-governmental forces that nominally swore allegiance to the Republic. The Mech Corps continually reinforced the 4th division with ships and mechs, but their efforts were hobbled by the need to defend vital territories such as Bentheim and their bases.
 If every non-Republic force decided to gang up on the Mech Corps, they’d be hard-pressed to last more than a couple of days.
 "Keep watch on the mercenaries who haven’t picked a side." Fadah advised Ves as they continued to tweak the Blackbeak. "As soon as one gets the upper hand, the mercenaries who remain free up to that point will throw their entire weight behind the strongest faction."
 Ves found that advise to be perplexing. "Most of those mercs are based in the Republic. Many of them have families and friends who are Republican citizens as well."
 "Do you think that matters if they can become rich overnight? They’ll sell out their own mothers in a heartbeat if they can earn a couple of million credits."
 All of this led to an increasingly tense mood in the camp. The Whalers regretfully secured their harvest and packed up their gear as they waited in line to be brought to their new location by their small rickety transports.
 The transfer finished a day later. This time, the Whalers maintained serious expressions as they worked to setup a defensive position.
 Using prefabricated structures provided by the Blood Claws, they built a tall but easily erected set of walls. To prevent any aerial mechs from bypassing the walls with impunity, the Whalers also prioritized the construction of the anti-air turrets.
 The only snag came when Walter ordered the defenses be powered by a central power source.
 "These laser turrets are designed with energy cells in mind." Ves replied when Walter ordered him to make it happen. "I can’t just snap my fingers and make them run on a power line!"
 "I don’t care. I don’t want these turrets to be a hazard in our defenses. I’m hardly able to get my pilots to keep piloting their mechs. I can’t deal with a base that’s riddled with bombs. Everything needs to be run from two or three underground power sources, nothing more."
 Ves quietly shook his head as Walter turned to yell at someone else. The man had been in an awful mood ever since the overcharge phenomenon shook up his men. The technicians already worked their sweat off by overriding all of the safeties. Now they had to deal with another pile of work by hooking up the turrets to a central power supply.
 At least the Blood Claws had been generous enough to supply a few spare reactors. Their condition looked decent as well. Unlike the Whalers, the hardened Blood Claws didn’t stint on logistics.
 "Let’s get to work." He sighed, and began to gather up some mech technicians to assist him with the task.
 Even though he grumbled about the job in front of Walter, it actually didn’t require too much thought to hook up the laser turrets to a different power source. The feature had already been baked into their design. Ves merely needed to teach the mech technicians to make the right connections.
 The Vesians would arrive near orbit in less than a day. Anything could happen at that point. Currently, the Bright Republic’s mech carriers would be fools to stay in orbit. They’d likely pull out later in the day in order to give themselves more maneuvering room while still staying close enough to the Glowing Planet to provide support for their troops on the ground.
 "This will be the first time I’ll face the Vesians in open combat."
 "Hah! They’re not as scary as they look once you look past their craziness." Fadah remarked over a beer. They both took a break from their tasks and left their bulky suits to eat dinner. "I fought the Vesians in the last war. They always press forward, and you can expect their lower ranks to never give up. The officers are always the first ones to run away once the battle turns against them. Pff. Nobles."
 A low anticipation had built up inside Ves for weeks. Even though the prospect of facing an extremely well-armed mech force terrified him to the bone, he also felt some eagerness to test his mech against them. The Blackbeak’s entire purpose centered around fighting the Vesians.
 "Whatever happens, tomorrow we’ll be tested."
 The Glowing Zone reached out around five light-hours away from the Glowing Planet. It was an empty mass of space that contained virtually nothing except the malignant influences of the exotics residing on the Glowing Planet. The further you went in, the more susceptible to anomalies you became.
 All of this rested on probability. The chance of crashing your ship went up to a hundred percent once you reached close enough to orbit the Glowing Planet. Even if the dimensional smoothers helped with negating the worst of the dangers, the Glowing Planet still found ways to torment the visitors disturbing its silent vigil.
 Ghanso Larkinson chewed on a stimulant as he stared out of the porthole of his tiny shuttle. He recently finished an additional training course and had been transferred to the 1st Volari Starhawks of the 4th Bentheim Division.
 "Are you nervous, kid?" An older mech pilot casually asked from the seat next to Ghanso’s. "The big bad Vesians are less than a day away. If you want to back out from the fight, you best pull out now."
 "I’m a Larkinson. Fighting the Vesians is in my blood."
 "Hah! A Larkinson, are you? Then I hope you don’t fumble about like Melinda Larkinson. I would have whooped Captain Vicar within five minutes!"
 Ghanso believed the older pilot, but that comparison wouldn’t have been fair, considering that Captain Vicar was still in his early thirties.
 The shuttle slowly entered the belly of a fleet carrier and parked itself on a busy loading platform. Every transfer debarked from the shuttle and followed the navigational guidelines projected by their military-grade comms.
 Ghanso and the old man happened to be assigned to the same unit. When it became clear they walked to the same destination, the man introduced himself.
 "Looks like we’ll be putting our lives in each other hands." The man casually laughed while scratching balding grey hair. Unlike most other men, the pilot didn’t bother seeking any treatment for his baldness. "You can call me Alex Dirge. I’m a tried and true space knight pilot."
 That garnered some respect from Ghanso. In the vast distance of space, most battles occurred across very long distances. Lasers and missiles formed the bedrock of a spaceborn mech squad’s armaments. Sometimes, enemies veered close enough to make railguns and ballistic rifles effective.
 Yet spaceborn mechs almost never resorted to melee weapons. Mechs in space possessed too much mobility for them to be pinned down. A rifleman mech always massed lighter than a knight mech, so it could easily dash away from any knight that tried to approach it from afar.
 This fundamental disparity relegated the space knight archetype to a purely defensive role, whose only job was to absorb enemy missile fire that would have otherwise struck their allies. There was nothing wrong with that role, but the sheer amount of firepower being exchanged made it very difficult for space knights to remain relevant throughout the battle.
 "I should be thanking you for covering my back." Ghanso said sincerely. "I’m a laser rifleman, so I’ll be counting on you to block the Vesian missile volleys."
 He truly respected anyone who piloted a space knight and survived long enough to the point of growing grey hair. The Vesian penchant for fielding lots of missileers gave the pilots of the Republic a lot of appreciation for the underutilized defensive mech type.
 The pair reached a hangar that predominantly serviced spaceborn mechs. They followed the end of the line projection by their comms and met their new commanding officer, who turned out to be a middle-aged female captain with violet eyes and short black hair.
 After a brief introduction in which the pair passed over their orders, the captain looked at them with an eager glint in her eyes.
 "I’m really glad you made it in time. You’re sorely needed to replace a pair of cowards who chickened out when they heard we’d be facing the Vesians in the first wave."
 "Seriously, ma’am? A couple of Volari Starhawks actually lost their nerves?" Alex asked with incredulity in his tone.
 "Hey, don’t get caught up by all the propaganda. Sure, we’re the Volar Starhawks, one of the Republic’s best spaceborn regiments, but not all of us are crack troops."
 Captain Rynsel had been with the Volar Starhawks for a fair amount of time, but like many other mech pilots, she stagnated at the upper limit of what an advanced pilot could reach. As Rynsel grew older, the prospect of ever advancing to expert pilot became further out of reach.
 This diminished her importance to the brass. She only made it to captain because she also possessed enough skills to lead a regular platoon.
 "You’re going to have to become used to your mechs as fast as possible, because the Vesians are expected to reach orbit at the end of the day."
 Alex grumbled a bit. "They sure are in a hurry. The Vesians must be confident of their numbers."
 "We still have the edge in quality." Ghanso quickly replied. "Even if we didn’t bring a lot of ships, we made sure to send some of our best. Besides, we also have our allies to soak up some of the incoming fire."
 "Heh. Allies. More like parasites. You can’t count on gangs and mercenaries to stand up to the Vesians. Mark my words, their ships will find all kinds of excuses to drop out of action."
 The Mech Corps had a very dim view on gangs, and barely tolerated their existence due to their uncanny ability to evade crackdowns.
 Mercenaries also earned some contempt for two reasons. First, they employed a lot of talentless hacks that failed to pass the entry qualifications of the Mech Corps and often made a mess of things on the battlefield. Second, they also took away talented pilots with promises of better pay.
 The two transferred pilots passed over to Lieutenant Fairfax, who led their assigned squad.
 "Right." Fairfax spoke as he regarded the younger Ghanso and the older Alex. "It’s about time you two showed up. I’ve been asking for more bodies but the bureaucrats upstairs keep reinforcing the elite squads before I get a turn. As if they don’t already have enough resources!"
 Privately, Ghanso thought he deserved a spot on those elite squads as well. He was a Larkinson, for the Republic’s sake! Still, at least he secured a place amongst the Volari Starhawks, one of the most distinguished spaceborn regiments of the Republic.
 The two recruits had very little time to familiarize themselves with their mechs and tweak them to their liking. Ghanso had been assigned to a fairly standard Vhendra, a model developed in-house by a design team working for the Starhawks.
 "The Vhendra is an old design, but that means it’s been tested over the years. It’s a reliable frame, and a classic in the Starhawks." The chief technician explained to Ghanso as he patted the surface of the giant dark blue rifleman mech.. "This one happens to be the Vhendra-S. It’s a minor variant that gives you faster flight speed but will last a little less. Its long-range accuracy also won’t be as impressive, as the added power to the flight system introduces a lot of extra vibrations."
 "I see. That’s not what I expected. I specifically noted that I’m a marksman."
 "Yeah, and Lieutenant Fairfax has been nagging command for new replacement pilots for ages now. You’re the unlucky chap command has sent to shut him up."
 Ghanso had a relatively balanced skill-set for a laser rifleman pilot, but he preferred to pick opponents off from longer ranges. Still, he could roll with the changes. His mech just had to get closer to the enemy in order to land a sure shot.
 "Let’s take a look and make some quick adjustments."Ghanso said. "We need to be ready to fight within eighteen standard hours. That’s when the Vesians will get in range."
 To be honest, eighteen hours was not enough for Ghanso to acclimate himself with a new ride. A mech pilot always required weeks of practice, immersion and tweaking in order to make a mech entirely his own.
 The Vesians wouldn’t give them the time. The hours went by quickly, and besides a brief but necessary rest, Ghanso worked frenziedly to get the Vhendra-S to behave a little more like its base model.
 A red light flashed through the hangar and throughout the rest of the fleet carrier.
 "It’s time!"
 "The Vesians are here!"
 A surge of fear and anticipation swept the mech pilots and the crew of the ship. They realized that this might be the outbreak of the latest Bright-Vesia Wars. The Volari Starhawks happened to receive the dubious honor of blunting the first charge.
 "Mech pilots, get to your mechs!" Captain Rynsel hollered as she swept up her piloting suit. "We’ve received orders to deploy within ten minutes, so chop chop!"
 The mech technicians had already wrapped up most of their maintenance work, so every mech under Captain Rynsel’s command came online in record time.
 Alex opened up a private channel to Ghanso. "Hey, little Larkinson. Is this your first deployment?"
 "I’m not a rookie. I’ve fought over six separate engagements against pirates."
 "Well, the Vesians are nothing like those ruffians who can’t coordinate their mechs to save their lives. We’re playing in a whole different league right now. Don’t lose your breakfast in the next fight, little Larkinson."
 It irked the young Larkinson to be treated like an inexperienced recruit. He was a Larkinson! He grew up hearing stories about fighting the Vesians. And unlike his crippled cousin Ves, his genetics gifted him with sufficient aptitude to fulfill his dreams.
 "Don’t worry about me. Focus on doing your best in your own mech."
 Ghanso went back to finishing his preparations. His Vhendra-S boasted fully charged energy cells and a robust cooling system to vent and store the rapid build-up of heat. This came at the cost of its armor and stealth. The Vhendra series had always been particularly vulnerable to getting locked on by Vesian heat-seeking missiles.
 He only hoped that Alex would be able to shield him from the impending attacks.
 Captain Rynsel spoke over the platoon channel. "Command is ordering us to standby along with the rest. Only the scouts are deployed so far. We’re still waiting to see if the Vesians want to commit to the attack."
 A general rule about space combat was that if both sides wanted to avoid combat, they had a million different ways to make it possible. Space was to big, and relative velocities sometimes reached absurd amounts that made it difficult for two different fleets to exchange a single volley.
 Most times, a battle in space would only ensue if one force happened to be immobile and therefore vulnerable to attack.
 This generally happened in two instances: when a fleet just transitioned from FTL to the edge of a star system, and when a fleet wanted to maintain orbital superiority over a planet, moon or any other object in space.
 This time, the Mech Corps had to make a stand near the Glowing Planet. If they yielded control of the planet’s skies, the Vesians would be able to bombard their ground forces with impunity.
 While the groundside forces already made some headway into digging underground fortifications, they needed a lot more time to setup an effective, bombardment-proof bulwark.
 Over the next two hours, the two fleets slowly danced around each other. Ghanso stared at the projection like a hawk, tracking the movements of the various fleet elements. The Vesians had finally come close enough to identify their make-up.
 "The vanguard consists of the Grand Chasers! They’re fast buggers!"
 The Grand Chasers had accrued something of a reputation, and was recognized by both the Vesians and the Brighters as one of the fastest spaceborn mech regiments in the region.
 By putting out the Grand Chasers in front, the Vesians signalled that they wanted to test the waters first. The Republic’s fleet moved in response, putting forth its lighter elements while keeping its heavier ships and mechs around the transports carrying their dimensional smoothers.
 "They’re deploying mechs!"
 Over a hundred heavy mechs poured out into space. They arrayed themselves in a neat formation before readying their launchers.
 "Detecting torpedo launches!"
 Each mech launched a dozen torpedoes, all of which took up so much space that the heavy mechs became useless. In any case, the sole purpose of their existence was to circumvent the MTA’s taboo of incorporating ship-grade weapons onto ships.
 The sight of over twelve-hundred torpedoes burning towards the Vesian fleet sent a chill through Ghanso’s back.
 "Deploy now!" Captain Rynsel ordered. "Command wants us to help bring those torpedoes down! Don’t wait for my orders once you get out. Just start shooting!"
 "Hahahaha!" Old man Alex laughed. "What a way to start of the war! I hope your aim is decent, Larkinson, because the fleet carrier’s survival is in your hands!"
 Vesians had a penchant of starting off any engagement with a massive missile barrage. The Bright Republic’s pilots called it the Vesian Welcome Package.
 At certain times, the massive Vesian opening salvos disintegrated their targets if they didn’t bring enough countermeasures. Even if the defenders did bring enough guns, the chance of a couple of projectiles slipping through could never be eliminated.
 Ghanso’s Vhedra-S hastily emerged from the launch bay of the fleet carrier and flared its powerful flight systems forward in order to catch up with the formation of his squad.
 Even under these dire circumstances, the mech pilots of the Volari Starhawks still maintained their discipline. The high levels of discipline, coordination and logistical support that underpinned the Mech Corps enabled it to wipe the floor with any gang or mercenary corps.
 The pilots of the Starhawks followed their training and entered into a predetermined matrix formation that maximized each ranged mech’s coverage so that they could spread out their anti-missile capabilities.
 "Damn it. Why did they send torpedoes this time?"
 Captain Rynsel passed down word from command on the comm channel. "The incoming torpedoes are all old stock. They’re using up their aging reserves first, so cheer up folks, because their ECM won’t be as sophisticated as the newer ones.
 "How old are we talking about?" Old Man Alex asked. "Are they like old-old, like last war surplus?"
 "They’re using a mix of torpedo designs from the interwar period, so they’re not as obsolete as you think."
 Ghanso took that as a serious warning not to rely too much on his targeting systems. A rifleman mech pilot like him didn’t rely too much on outside aid anyway. While the Vhendra-S variant lacked a bit in extreme range precision, it should be able to make up for it when the torpedoes approached into terminal range.
 "Larkinson, Don’t forget we’re facing torpedoes, not missiles." Lieutenant Fairfax spoke to the side as he brandished his ballistic rifle. "The Vesians design their torpedoes to be tough as hell. They can take a lot of hits and are practically impervious to low-intensity laser fire. It’s best to switch to full-powered beams."
 He already knew that, thank you. Ghanso already switches his rifle’s mode before he even launched from the fleet carrier.
 He looked through the optics of his Vhendra-S and stared at the black void of stars. In the distance, he saw nothing but the void, but his mech conveyed hundreds of approaching carriers from the Vesians.
 Once he switched the mode of his HUD, the empty void of black lit up in a flare of pinpricks as his mech conveyed the sharks lurking far beyond his range of vision. The eternal night disappeared in a dazzlingly enchanting confluence of light and motion.
 "The torpedoes are two minutes away! This is it, lads! Give ’em all you got!"
 Only a few mechs among the Starhawks fired their weapons. Only the best sharpshooters had any realistic chance of hitting the torpedoes at this range. Even if everyone else relied on their targeting systems, the ECM and physical juking of the torpedoes ensured that most attempts ended in failure. It was better to hold back until the torpedoes came closer.
 Blooms of anti-ballistic missiles flared to life from the midst of the Starhawks. Over ten-thousand small but potent missiles streaked towards the Vesian torpedoes with nothing but their goal in mind. Despite the substantial amount of missiles, no one held up their hopes they could catch every torpedo.
 The Vesians knew their missiles, and packed their torpedoes full with countermeasures of their own.
 As the missiles curved to the side and followed an arcing intercept towards the incoming torpedoes, Ghanso finally received permission to let loose.
 "Open fire!"
 Ghanso held his mech absolutely still inside the formation and began to open fire with measured beams of lancing hot lasers. His mech didn’t possess the sensors to see the result of his first salvo, but the collective observation capabilities of the ships backing up the mechs provided an accurate picture of what happened at the other side.
 His initial laser volley hit the head of his targeted torpedo head-on but failed to take it out. The Vesians incorporated a lot of junk exotic alloys in the nose of their torpedoes, ensuring that they wouldn’t fold in a single blow.
 Fortunately, Ghanso didn’t fight by himself. A mech pilot from another squad noted the damage sustained by the torpedo and delivered the coup-de-grace with his precision ballistic rifle. The torpedo’s weakened nose couldn’t withstand the sudden kinetic impact and its payload detonated in a powerful focused blast that had been designed to punch straight through thick layers of starship hull plating.
 By this time, the anti-ballistic missiles they launched also reached the torpedoes. Both waves of projectiles engaged in an elaborate electronic battle as they tried to fool their opposites without getting fooled in turn.
 Over three-hundred torpedoes perished outright and around two-hundred more suffered incidental damage to their exterior.
 It wasn’t enough.
 As the torpedoes entered medium range, every mech with a gun opened fire. Even space knights like the one piloted by Old Man Alex fired back with their backup pistols.
 Over half of the remaining torpedoes fell into quick succession. The closer range enabled mechs to worry less about accuracy and focus more on firing as fast as their heat management systems could handle the successive build-up of waste energy.
 "They’re getting close! Only less than three-hundred are left! Kill them now! For a brighter tomorrow!"
 Every pilot echoed the slogan. "For a brighter tomorrow!"
 A sense of sacred duty filled Ghanso’s mind as he spoke those words. His aim grew steadier and his breath grew even as he methodically shot down torpedo after torpedo with the help of his fellow Starhawks.
 The spirit of the Starhawks infused his neural connection between his brain and his mech and the two fought closer in sync. His Vhendra-S became an extension of his body as he utilized his substantial training take down as many torpedoes as they entered their terminal mode.
 "They’re speeding up!"
 The Vesian torpedoes always left the best for last. They kept a fourth of their energy reserves for the final sprint, burning it over the final seconds before impact to ensure a powerful and unavoidable collision for any bulky ship.
 "Not enough." Ghanso gnarled as he sent a mental command to override his rifle’s safeties. Heat leaked out from the built-in heatsinks in his rifle and warmed up the entire frame, but the Vhendra-S handled the weapon like a machine gun, firing a succession of rapid full-powered laser beams at the rapidly accelerating torpedoes.
 He only caught one torpedo while his colleagues destroyed over two-thirds of the torpedoes that made it this far.
 "Here they come! Brace yourselves!"
 Ghanso ceased his fire and huddles his mech into a ball to expose as little of its frame as possible.
 The Republic’s ECM successfully fooled twenty-six into hitting non-existent targets. They only found empty space in place of solid ships and detonated quickly after, dealing little damage as few ships had been in range of their concussive blasts.
 That left seventeen torpedoes who found their marks. They all rammed into their chosen ships, punching deep into their hulls before detonating in highly devastating explosions that destroyed the smaller combat carriers outright while crippling the fleet carriers.
 "The Harmony of Revel is gone!"
 "Every person aboard the The Farchis Endymion is dead!"
 "Feldman’s Ire entire rear half has split apart! She’s drifting out of formation!"
 The Vesians reaped a terrible toll on the Starhawk fleet, and this was just the opening act. Ghanso became distracted by the cries for help that had somehow snuck their way into the command channels.
 The Virulent Remedy had been the closest ship to Ghanso that had suffered a hit. It was a combat carrier, a medium-sized carrier built small and light enough to convey as much mechs to the surface of a planet as possible.
 The Remedy didn’t stand a chance. The torpedo bore straight through its outer hull before detonating right against its inner layers. The blast ripped through a quarter of her compartments and outright tore apart several critical systems such as the bridge and life support.
 A cascade of critical failures piled up in an instant that riddled the Virulent Remedy’s tortured hull with scores of secondary explosions. Some of them reached her reactor and damaged its robust but ultimately helpless containment, causing the entire combat carrier to be lost in a massive blast of exotic and radioactive fury.
 At least eight-hundred spacers lost their lives aboard the Virulent Remedy.
 While a number of mechs and smaller vessels started rescue operations, the rest of the Starhawks readied themselves for the second round. The Grand Chasers hadn’t been sitting idle while they launched all those torpedoes.
 Captain Rynsel shook the younger pilots from their horror. "I know it looks bad, but the battle isn’t over yet! Let the damage control teams take care of the mess. Focus on the enemy in front of you!"
 In the next couple of minutes, the Volari Starhawks and the Grand Chasers shifted their formations in response to each other. The Grand Chasers followed an oblique trajectory that aimed to pass the flanks of the Vesian formation.
 To be honest, they wouldn’t be able to do much damage, but it galled the Mech Corps to remain passive when the Vesians made their firing pass. Thus, the Starhawks boosted away from their damaged ship to intercept the incoming Chasers.
 "Alright folks, command wants us to make a single pass." Captain Rynsel spoke through the channel. "Stay in formation and hit the bastards straight in front of you. Don’t get bogged down in dogfights and don’t let your squad mates drift off in space if they’re immobilized."
 Neither the Chasers nor the Starhawks wanted to get entangled in a muddy dogfight at this stage. Any fight that got bogged down in space turned into vulnerable targets to both sides.
 Ghanso’s Vhedra-S boosted in line with his squad as he worked to cool his mech for the upcoming firing pass. His mech suffered substantial internal damage at the final moment due to all the excess heat and energy running through its systems.
 He faced a minor dilemma on whether he should keep pushing his mech or conserve its integrity by holding back some power.
 "This is merely the start. It’s too early to go all-in."
 The Vhedra-S slowly cooled down as Ghanso focused on venting as much heat as possible while lowering its overall output. By the time the Vhedra-S returned to a relatively normal condition, the Grand Chasers neared into effective range.
 "Alright, lads! Here they come! Keep firing and keep moving. Don’t ever stop!"
 The two formations of mechs followed intricate arcing patterns as their squads followed trajectories meant to spoil the aim of anything that shot at them at long range.
 Once they approached into closer range, thousands of mech started to open fire against each other.
 This time, the Volari Starhawks gained the advantage. The Grand Chasers mostly consisted of lighter mechs. Without their heavy missileers, their formations lacked the punch of the more balanced composition of the Starhawks.
 Many Starhawk mechs fell out of formation due to being picked out with focused fire. Each Vesian squad focusing on taking out one or two mechs at a time, thus allowing them to compensate for their relatively lighter armament.
 Meanwhile, the Starhawks left the choice up to the pilots themselves, as they required less firepower to take out a fragile light mech. Ghanso still found it to be a challenge to actually land a hit against the agile light mechs, but once he succeeded in landing a shot, it often crippled the unlucky target.
 "Larkinson! They’re shifting fire to you! Dirge, cover him!"
 A volley of ballistic fire streamed past the frame of his mech, pulling him out of his target fixation. Ghanso knew he was in trouble and started juking around like hyperactive monkey.
 "Stop bouncing around and get behind me!" Old Man Alex shouted as his space knight valiantly positioned itself in front of the Vhedra-S before it could suffer significant damage. "Stay calm and fire over my shoulder!"
 Ghanso had forgotten himself for a moment. He grew angry for his disgraceful behavior and poured his vengeance into his rifle, firing right back at his attackers as they tried to get past the space knight’s meaty shield.
 "Hahaha! The Grand Chasers don’t have the weight to get past my shield!"
 The space knight fared well against the Chasers. Their skinny rifles and cannons hardly dented Alex’s shield.
 "They’re getting close!" Lieutenant Fairfax reminded everyone. "Watch your angles and don’t get hit from behind!"
 Seconds passed as the two formations meshed through each other. A chaotic flurry of shots and hits exchanged in rapid tempo as the Starhawks and the Chasers merged together before breaking apart in the opposite directions.
 "I got hit!" Ghanso gritted his teeth as his mech spun away from formation. "My flight system is inoperable. It got hit by debris from the rear!"
 Ghanso Larkinson suffered from an unlucky sequence of events. The Vesians hadn’t been able to get past Alex’s space knight, so they turned their firepower to an unprotected mech from a nearby squad.
 The Starhawk mech in question hadn’t expected to be targeted by an entire Vesian squad. The knight in his squad was already shielding another squad mate, so the targeted mech lacked any form of support.
 The mech blew up as soon as its pilot ejected into the distance. Some of the shards of the exploded mech happened to have hit Ghanso’s mech from behind, thereby dealing significant damage to its fragile flight system
 The damage hadn’t been extensive, but it took a long time for the flight system to regain its functionality. As Ghanso halted the uncontrolled spin, he looked back to the Starhawk formation to see how well they fared.
 "Overall, they held up better than the Grand Chasers. The Starhawks suffered relatively few casualties, but most of the affected mechs had to be written off due to the intensive amount of firepower they sustained.
 Even Alex’s space knight had its shield chewed up at the end, causing his mech to endure the final volleys on its frontal armor.
 "Don’t look at me. I’m fine. This is all in a day’s work for a space knight."
 As the Grand Chasers arced their way back to their own fleet, the Volari Starhawks started to police the battlefield. They turned their formation around and methodically recovered the wrecks while rescuing mech pilots from both sides.
 No matter how heated the war between the Vesians and the Brighters got, they quietly maintained a couple of basic rules of conduct. The most important of which was to take prisoners whenever they could and exchange them with each other at a later date.
 It helped the two sides conserve their most precious and limited resources, which were trained and capable mech pilots. Such agreements hadn’t always been the norm, but after several generations of endless rivalry, both sides saw the need to civilize their conflict in order to prevent their neighbors from casting their aspirations upon them once they exhausted most of their manpower at the end of another war.
 Eventually, Ghanso’s Vhendra-S had to be hauled back to the fleet carrier. Her hangars had become stuffed with mechs as she welcomed an influx of homeless mechs who lost their original berths aboard the ships targeted by the torpedoes.
 Ghanso felt a little bad about the engagement. Any excitement about being a part of the first formal action between the Bright Republic and the Vesia kingdom had disappeared.
 "Did we lose the battle?"
 "It’s hard to say." Old Man Alex replied as he zipped down from the cockpit of his beaten mech.The space knight looked like it had taken a stroll through a micrometeor storm. Its frame showed off lots of smaller impact marks. "The Grand Chasers underestimated us. We took out more mechs from our firing pass, and we’ve been able to capture every living Vesian trapped alive in their cockpits."
 "Yeah, but we lost so many ships."
 "It could have been worse. Twelve-hundred torpedoes is nothing special. Wait until they gather an entire division and throw out a wave of ten-thousand torpedoes. You’ll really taste despair at that point."
 In terms of war materiel, the Vesians clearly won the exchange. They took out seventeen ships at the cost of a lot of expensive but ultimately disposable torpedoes.
 Yet all was not in vain. The Grand Chasers ships and mechs had to extend past the Vesian lines in order to perform their attack, which made them vulnerable to pursuit. After expending so much torpedoes and mechs, the exhausted Chasers had suddenly become the prey as another regiment of the 4th division initiated pursuit.
 Both sides started to maneuver for control over orbit. Regiments shifted around like chess pieces across a large and intricate three-dimensional chess board.
 Orbital mechanics played a critical role in the defense of the Glowing Planet. The 4th division took advantage of their proximity to the gravity well by slingshotting their fleet elements to hasten their maneuvers over the Glowing Planet’s orbit.
 The battle turned into a murky slog. Its outcome still remained in question.
 Down on the surface, Ves didn’t know one of his cousins experienced combat against the Vesians for the first time. The lack of bandwidth of their ground-side camps limited communication between the forces on the ground and the forces in space to a handful of often-repeated codes. Personal correspondence had no chance of making it through.
 Right now, Ves oversaw the final adjustments to the mechs that enabled them to operate despite carrying bundles of bombs inside their frames. The last batch of normal energy cells had fully turned into overcharged ones by the capricious energy field emitted by the Glowing Planet.
 After their initial horror passed, a sense of resignation overtook the Whalers. They pretty much accepted that they had to continue piloting their mechs and hope nothing struck their energy cells.
 One of the mechs that had been affected happened to be Melkor’s Stanislaw. Melkor hadn’t made much waves ever since he touched down on the surface. Rather than enter the cockpit, Melkor instead aided the Whalers by shoring up their feeble electronic systems against enemy intrusion.
 "How’s their information security coming along?"
 "Well enough that they’ll hold against pirates." Melkor replied as he leaned against the foot of his Stanislaw. "I don’t think it’ll last more than a second against any Vesian hacking attempts. The Whalers are better off pulling the plugs from their connected systems."
 "Sounds awful, but not unexpected. If you’ve seen the kind of mechs the Whalers are using, you’ll realize that the Vesians don’t even need to bother with hacking their systems. They can just overrun the entire base."
 It felt refreshing for Ves to talk with someone other than a Whaler. Every member of the gang somehow fell into the delusion that they could put up a decent fight against a trained military mech force.
 "So what did you do to my Stanislaw?"
 "I added some compartments to the Stanislaw’s internal architecture. Your energy cells are placed in a seperate box, as it were. It won’t prevent your mech from being wrecked if they happened to blow up, but it will increase the odds you’ll survive. I’ve beefed up the armor of your cockpit to make sure you’ll make it out alive."
 Melkor nodded in satisfaction. "That sounds good, but I know my Stanislaw. It doesn’t have much space for all of those things you mentioned."
 "That’s right. I opted to remove a couple of energy cells and some redundant components. Your Stanislaw won’t last as long in the field and it’s also a little more fragile to being crippled. Regardless, I think it’s better to trade these off in exchange for not getting killed in an instant if an enemy happens to hit your energy cells."
 Ves only had time to modify one mech at once. The mech technicians lacked the extensive body of knowledge to develop their own modifications. A few of them had already tried to do so behind his back, and every mech that suffered from their ministrations had turned into safety hazards.
 When Walter demanded that Ves modify the Whaler mechs to be less susceptible to abrupt explosions, he demanded he start first with his cousin’s mech. At the very least, he wouldn’t be worrying about Melkor while he sat in the makeshift workshop trying to turn a bunch of rotten ingredients into serviceable meals.
 "You know, you told me once that you entered into the Mech Corps after graduating from an advanced academy. Why did you leave?"
 "I didn’t leave. I was forced out of their rolls at the end of my orientation."
 Melkor’s tone made it clear he didn’t want to talk about it, but the issue had always been nagging at Ves.
 "Did you get into a fight, or did you piss off a superior or something?"
 "Let’s just say I found out something I shouldn’t have when I took my hacking hobby a little too far."
 Melkor could have uncovered anything from classified documents to illicit dealings from his superiors. Ves had an imaginative mind and ran through dozens of possibilities in quick succession.
 "Well, you didn’t get killed or anything, so it must not have been something critical enough to earn the ire of the Larkinsons."
 Maybe Melkor simply got his hands of some nude recordings or something. Ves tried to stifle his laugh as he finished putting the Stanislaw back together. Once he affixed the final plate, he floated down to the ground and stretched his body.
 "It’s all done now. Make sure to keep facing the enemy from the front. I know you rifleman have a tendency to turn your mechs to the side sometimes, but try to avoid that because it will expose the side and rear armor to the enemy. I haven’t been able to do much with those."
 "That’s already enough." Melkor clapped Ves on the shoulder. "I’ll get back on patrol to get used to the modifications. You stay safe, Ves."
 He had a whole line of mechs waiting to be modified, starting with Walter’s incredible Urman.
 As a mech designer, Ves enjoyed digging into the guts of any remarkable designs, and the Urman offered plenty of excitement. Yet he also harbored some reservations about going through every mech one by one in order to make them more impervious against incidental damage that could set off their energy cells.
 "It’s going to be an awful slog."
 Ves had no one to blame for himself for signing up to this expedition. He got exactly what he wanted, and he already earned a significant share from the income the Whalers expected to earn from their mining gains.
 It was too bad that their current location didn’t offer as much riches as their old location. The Mech Crops chose to establish their ground-side fortifications in the middle of the most defensive terrain within the red zones. They dragged their allies such as the Blood Claws with them, and in turn the Blood Claws forced the Whalers to take up one of the most awful locations at the flank.
 The ever-present green glow had been covered by a grey, sooth-filled smoke cloud. Small but annoying vents littered the jagged cliffs and ancient hills that made up this portion of the Glowing Planet. Merely moving from one side of the camp to the other posed a significant challenge due to the substantial amount of deep cracks in the ground.
 One careless pilot even fell into the gap with his mech. Its legs had been flattened to pieces while the pilot sustained significant impact injuries. Everyone learned their lesson from that point and made sure to cross the gaps from the ramps placed on top of them. It all seemed tentative and fragile to Ves.
 "Where’s Lucky?"
 He hadn’t been paying too much attention to Lucky lately. His mood turned grumpy ever since Ves took him away from the riches laying on the ground at their old location.
 This time, Ves installed a powerful tracking device around Lucky’s collar, so his comm picked up the signal from further away. Ves donned his hazard suit and left the protected confines of the workshop. He followed the directional markings until he came across his gem cat who had just finished gorging on a lump of valuable exotics.
 "There you are. Let me take a look at you."
 Ves carefully handled his cat and took a closer look at Lucky’s exterior. Over the past couple of days, his pet had undergone a metamorphosis of sorts. While he still remained level two, his overall quality had went up quite a bit.
 Physically, that came into being by shifting his energy lines from blue to green, which matched the shade of the planet’s grow. Once Lucky’s glow had reached its saturation point, his exterior plating started to change as well.
 "Your plates are paler than last time. Are you turning into a silvery substance?"
 "Meow."
 Lucky behaved awfully nonchalant despite undergoing fundamental changes in his physical makeup. It worried Ves a bit that he didn’t know whether the changes benefited his pet or not. He currently leaned on the changes being beneficial because he didn’t think that Lucky’s remarkable design could be brought down so easily.
 "So have you been turning your senses to sniff out the core of the Glowing Planet?"
 "Meow." Lucky bobbed his head side-to-side in a very clear no.
 "Damn. Do I actually have to find a way to dig past the crust of this planet in order to get my hands on a so-called core?"
 The System’s mission put a sense of urgency behind his stay with the Whalers. He doubted the gang possessed the hardware to dig that deep into this dangerous planet. He’d have to find a way to attach himself with a more capable force, such as the Blood Claws or the Mech Crops.
 "The Whalers won’t last long enough to maintain their own camp anyway."
 He already planned his exit from their midst. The sheer amount of incompetence that hobbled the Whalers would bite them back in the end.
 None of this mattered for the moment. It would take some time for the Vesians or the pirates or any scum to land their forces on the ground. Even then, they might not clash immediately, as every force would be scrambling to take up every available spot of land before they thought about contesting some of the more promising occupied regions.
 Lucky suddenly turned stiff. He hissed at something behind Ves.
 "What’s wrong, buddy?"
 Ves turned around to see a sight he had never thought to see again in his life.
 "Mother?"
 His mother stood before him in the flesh. Even as his rational mind yelled at him that he’d been caught in a hallucination induced by the Glowing Planet, his emotions went out of control, scrambling him into paralysis.
 "It can’t be you. You’re dead!"
 "Vesssssss." The apparition of his mother hissed. "You are so handsome now. You’re all grown up."
 The image of his mother flickered closer until she stood right in front of him. The back of her hand brushed his cheek. Despite wearing a hazard suit, the translucent hand went right past the helmet as if it didn’t exist and began to caress his skin.
 Ves felt his skin deform as the chilly hand physically pushed and stroked his smooth skin. Tears fell out of his eyes. Whether his eyes grew moist due to his abject fear or his yearnings for his mother, he didn’t know. He couldn’t even move. Somehow, his body ceased to follow his instructions.
 "Mother. You’re dead. Your grave, I visited it last year!"
 "Is that what you believe?" His mother shook his head. "Life and death are interconnected, Ves. One cannot truly die."
 Her reality-warping hand trailed down his neck and followed his arm until it reached his comm. "I see you’ve been making use of your father’s present."
 "You know about the System?!"
 His mother smiled at him in amusement. "You are always so impatient, my little Vessie. Have you been drinking enough tea lately?"
 "Mother, answer the question please!"
 The faded form of his mother suddenly disappeared from his sight. One moment, she hovered in front of him, smothering him with motherly affection like she always did when he was young. In the next, her image vanished out of existence, as if the Glowing Planet deliberately roused his hopes only to crush them underneath the heel of its booth.
 "MOTHER!"
 They say that dead men tell no tales. His mother didn’t reveal anything either about the System.
 Ves had become awfully spooked after meeting his long-dead mother. He clearly felt as if his mother was real, but that couldn’t be. She was dead.
 "I’m hallucinating, just like those other folks. She’s not real. She’s a figment of my imagination."
 He struggled inwardly to convince himself that he imagined the whole sequence. Only one thing forced him to admit that it might not have stayed inside his head.
 He turned to Lucky. "You saw that, didn’t you?"
 His cat kept up a wary posture, as if he encountered an extremely dangerous predator. Ves had the sense that Lucky had definitely shared his experiences.
 With that confirmation, Ves didn’t know what to think. Did the Glowing Planet toy with him? Did the planet possess some highly energetic exotic that was capable of manipulating spacetime? Why did he encounter mother, and not someone else?
 Too many questions swirled in his mind, but without a solid understanding of what happened to him, it was useless to speculate any further.
 "Another incident to add to the growing pile of mysteries surrounding my life."
 With a harried mind, Ves returned to the fortified camp with Lucky in his arms. His cat had been so spooked by the encounter that he didn’t resist being picked up. Apparently, he lost his voracious appetite, which was a first.
 Once he returned to confines of Walter’s Whalers, Ves declined to report the incident and tried to go back work. He went to the workshop that held the partially disassembled Urman mech and removed his bulky hazard suit before approaching the Urman.
 The mech looked huge and strong as always. Ves admired its robust construction and how much care its designer had put into strengthening the arms.
 Walter approached from the side. "The Urman’s been with me for more than a decade. While I don’t know how the fiddly stuff works, I can tell you that there’s hardly anyone who’s more familiar with the Urman than me. I don’t think there’s more than forty of these mechs in circulation, and I’m sure that most of them have been scrapped by now."
 "Is it because it’s difficult to fight with a brawler mech?"
 "Oh, more than you can imagine. The only way the Urman can withstand a sword or a spear is to block them with its heavy gauntlets. While they’re powerful and open up a lot of options, they also slow down your arms and they’re really expensive to maintain."
 Ves already figured out the Urman came with such a trade-off. Those disposable gauntlets weighed as much if not more than a typical mech-sized sword and shield. This gave them an amazing amount of thickness and endurance, but it didn’t help the brawler mech’s speed.
 Any mech pilot crazy enough to pilot a brawler had to be a natural wrestler and fistfighter to be qualified to pilot such a strange type of mech.
 He started to listen to Walter describe in his own words how he saw the Brawler. Despite his many faults, Walter had been gifted with a talent for brawling, and he honed his street fighting skills by taking formal classes back when he joined a gang in Bentheim.
 The gang leader didn’t ruminate on his stay in Bentheim and turned his story back to his mech.
 "The Urman is a great mech, but it’s a difficult one to pilot as well. The mech designer who sold me the Urman went bankrupt soon after. He must be regretting that he designed a brawler mech in the first place."
 "Why did you go for a brawler instead of a more conventional mech like a knight or a swordsman mech?"
 "Oh, I’ve tried those mechs. I’ve tried to find the right mech plenty of times. They didn’t click me. It’s like I’m being stuffed into the wrong body. Those knights are useless without their armaments and the swordsman mechs rely too much on their swords. All the time I’ve piloted those standard mechs, I always felt less of a man."
 Walter’s discussion about his mech was fascinating to Ves. Hearing about his experiences successfully cleansed his fright and allowed him to forget his brief but frightening encounter with the apparition of his mother.
 "Alright, I think I’ve gained an understanding of your Urman." Ves nodded in satisfaction. "Let’s move on to what you want to change. Since I’m overhauling your mech, I might as well be thorough."
 "I don’t know." Walter appeared serious as he considered the matter carefully. "I’m already used to how it’s built right now. There’s hardly anything that stands out that I want done. It’s not the best mech, but it’s mine."
 "Mechs like these won’t be able to maintain a constant level of performance, especially if they are older than a decade. There must be something that you’re annoying with. It could be something that worked fine at the start, but became increasingly more annoying over the years."
 "Now that I think about it, I’ve always been wondering about the left elbow joint. It’s just a little bit less supple than the other one. My mech technicians say it’s fine, but maybe it’s starting to break down."
 After jogging his memory, Walter listed over two-dozen pet peeves. Some of them sounded trivial to the point where Ves doubted a mechanical problem had been the case, but Ves noted them all down anyway. Once he got his list, he gathered a couple of mech technicians and got to work.
 Dismantling the Urman, designing new modifications and implementing them on an existing frame proved to be a stimulating job to Ves. Over the course of several days, he became immersed in trying to understand this rare and exotic brawler mech.
 With each puzzle solved, Ves gained another insight into the operation of heavier mechs. Although the Urman hadn’t reached that particular threshold, it operated along the same principles as an orthodox heavy mech while retaining a couple of key features of a medium mech.
 As Ves went about his days, the universe around him moved on.
 The Whalers dug out a decent underground refuge and finished putting up some rudimentary defenses.
 The Blood Claws used their extensive manpower and sophisticated equipment to establish a fort.
 Meanwhile, the Mech Corps that neighbored them both formed an even larger defensive position that could withstand a couple of Vesian regiments at once, for a time.
 It could be seen that the Whalers presented nothing but a feeble obstacle to any but the most pathetic raids. In the face of a determined invasion, their only role should be to buy enough time for the Blood Claws and the 4th division to gather up their ground-side mechs.
 Such an attack could come at any time, especially since the battle in space turned chaotic.
 After the initial skirmishers, the Brighters and the Vesians lost their appetite for more engagements. Their numbers closely matched each other, which meant that an battle would be too close to call. They didn’t have any reason to retreat but neither did they have a compelling urge to attack.
 The goal of the Bentheim fleet remained protecting their ground-side assets. They placed a significant amount of ships in geosynchronous orbit over their red zone.
 The Vesians responded by claiming the red zone directly opposite on the other side of the Glowing Planet. They placed some ships in geosynchronous orbit as well and started landed lots of landbound assets.
 When Ves heard about what happened, he wasn’t too surprised by their actions. "The planet is still big enough to fit the Vesians. What’s more important is what will happen when the other guests arrive."
 By this time, the massive pirate armada led by the mysterious Dragons of the Void almost made its way to the Glowing Planet. The frontier pirate group’s unexpected capabilities had allowed them to get close without being affected by the Glowing Planet’s incidental hazards.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Ghanso sat quietly in his mech. The mech technicians already fixed up his Vhedra-S in the past few days. Now, he sat on standby while he waited for the Vesians or the pirates to make a move.
 "What do you think the pirates are up to?" Old man Alex chattered over the comm. "If they arrive just like this, won’t they be provoking both us and the Vesians?
 "Beats me." Ghanso shrugged. "I heard that they’re not even using dimensional smoothers to suppress the gravitic anomalies around them. It’s clear the Dragons made a lot of preparations. I can’t help but think they’re up to something."
 "I’ve got that feeling as well."
 The pirates mainly possessed converted carriers. None of them matched the capabilities of the combat carriers of the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion. They also didn’t bring anything that could match the giant fleet carriers either.
 What the incoming fleet lacked in quality, they made up for it in quantity. The main job of a carrier was to convey their mechs from one destination to the next. In that, the converted carriers did their job.
 Even if the military forces of both states had the edge in mechs and training, they still felt apprehensive about facing so many mechs. The amount of resources the Dragons expended to maintain such a gathering of ships must be through the roof.
 Besides the pirates, the mercenaries also posed a threat. The mercenary lords who refused to work for the Bright Republic must have thought they could get a better deal if they joined the side of the ultimate winners of the battle over control of the Glowing Planet.
 Lieutenant Fairfax interrupted their musings. "Captain Rynsel has just received word of caution from command. They think the pirate fleet will be trying to bypass our forces land as much mechs as possible before we chase them off."
 "Can we stop them?" Ghanso asked.
 "Not really. Even with the help of the Vesians, we won’t be able to stop so many pirate carriers from descending onto the surface and unload their mechs. They’ve got too many ships."
 Everyone’s faces turned grim. They waited for a couple of hours until the pirate swarm almost reached the planet.
 "Alright men, this is it! Launch and gather around me!"
 The mechs assigned to Captain Rynsel emerged from the fleet carrier in pairs. They formed up around her in a double chevron formation before flying outwards to their assigned coordinates. Ghanso noticed that these coordinates brought him closer to the Glowing Planet.
 "This is our sector. Our orders are to hover in orbit and wait for the pirate fleet to arrive and disperse. Any pirate mech or ship that passes through our sector should be destroyed before they make landfall."
 "What should we prioritize, ma’m?"
 "Take out the descending carriers if you can. Any mech that passes through us will be spaceborn mechs that won’t be of much use on the ground. It’s better to focus on the carriers first. Even the smallest ones will be carrying five to seven mechs."
 Ghanso waited for arrival of the pirate fleet while the Mech Corps arrayed its forces into a net that covered close to a third of the globe.
 "Here they come! They’re already splitting up!"
 As predicted, the fleet led by the Dragons of the Void avoided a fruitless battle over orbital supremacy. Instead, they decided to focus on the real prize, which was the Glowing Planet and its many resources.
 Large numbers of spaceborn mechs emerged from the pirate ships. All of them flew forward in order to lead the charge and spoil the aims of Ghanso and the other defenders as best as possible.
 "They’re spreading out their mechs! They shouldn’t be aiming to take us out. Don’t get distracted by their antics. They don’t have to guts to fly close to us!"
 Ghanso calmed his mind and sought to establish a deeper connection with his mech. Last time, he faced an enormous torpedo wave followed by a single pass of the Grand Chasers. Facing a bunch of pirates shouldn’t be as nerve-wracking, although their sheer numbers made him grow a little pale.
 "They’re just rabble. They’re nothing special. I can take them out by the dozens."
 The pirate fleet began their orbital insertion.
 The battle against the pirates erupted in a mass of chaos and individual action. The Volari Starhawks and the other regiments had spread themselves thin, and that had forced the pirates to disperse as well.
 The Dragons of the Void could have chosen to concentrate their ships and mech, but that would have allowed the Mech Corps to close the envelope and trap them in each direction. They decided it was better to remain elusive at all fronts.
 All of this meant that Ghanso and his squad members only faced a couple of mechs at a time. Ghanso methodically shot at the approaching mechs with his laser rifle set to medium. He didn’t require any more power to take out half-rusted mechs that looked second-hand at best.
 "Incoming ship! She looks like she’s carrying at least eight landbound mechs! Forget about the small fry and take her out!"
 Ghanso switched his target in a heartbeat and opened fire on the incoming carrier. His laser shots merely scratched the coating of the immense ship, so he cranked up his laser rifle until it released beams as thick as the arm of his mech.
 His super-heated laser beam did almost nothing to the frontal cone of the carrier. "My lasers aren’t doing anything to the ship!"
 "My rifle bullets are bouncing off the cone!"
 Captain Rynsel made a risky decision. "Cease fire on the carrier and resume targeting her escort mechs. Once the carrier passes us by, try to hit if from behind."
 They exchanged fire with the escorts which drew closer, but Ghanso had a hard time landing any hits due to their speeds. He lost his previous calm when frustration started to creep in. Why couldn’t he hit any mechs?
 One of the pirate mechs swiveled his rifle and spat out a volley of explosive shells at his Vhedra-S. Old Man Alex moved his mech in front of Ghanso and shielded him from the blast.
 "Get a hold of yourself, Larkinson! You’re overheating your rifle!"
 He cursed as he noticed the build-up of heat. If he continued firing at this pace, he’d hardly have anything left once the pirate ship passed by their squad. Ghanso stopped his fire entirely in order to allow his rifle to cool as fast as possible.
 "This isn’t the first time you lost your mind!" Old Man Alex admonished him as he moved away to shield another squad mate. "Whatever crap you’re dealing with, it’s not as important as the mission! Everyone is counting on you to do your job, so do it!"
 Ghanso growled in frustration, but kept his opinion to himself. Alex had been right that he should be focusing on his mission instead of letting his emotions dictate his actions. Overheating his rifle early would only benefit the pirates instead of their own side.
 Even as his instincts yelled at him to take down the pirate mechs, Ghanso remained fixated on the incoming carrier. Now that the pirate ship neared their position, he noticed that her dull black coating his a surprisingly thick frontal cone made out of random plates of scavenged mech armor.
 "Damn. How many mechs worth of armor plating does this carrier have?"
 "More than ten I bet. These plates must be the refuse that had been dislodged from their original mechs."
 Despite their damaged state, the plates possessed enough integrity to withstand most of the attack sent in their way. Their thickness prompted Captain Rynsel to give up taking out the carrier from the front. Instead, they all waited until the ship came close.
 "Get ready to turn around and shoot at the rear!"
 Five, for, three, two, one, "Open fire!"
 Not every member of the squad could open fire on the carrier. For some reason, the escort mechs turned berserk and assaulted the closest Starhawk mech they could find. Alex and a couple of other melee mech pilots raced to the rescue while Ghanso focused on the thrusters of the descending carrier.
 He took a deep breath and released a penetrating laser beam. Its seconds-long burn hit the rear of the carrier but did practically no damage.
 Thrusters had been built to absorb a lot of heat, so the laser beam didn’t do much damage. Ghanso shook his head and shifted his aim, though the rapidly widening distance made it hard for him to focus on a single section of the ship. He quickly fired again before the ship flew out of range.
 This time his lasers glanced off the side of the carrier. Despite the near miss, his laser happened to strike a less heat-resistant part of the ship. His highly potent laser beam melted through the armor and damaged a couple of compartments, though none of them seemed important.
 Nevertheless, the opening made by his lasers prompted his squad mates to focus on that vulnerability. Together, they widened the hole in the carrier and inflicted increasingly severe internal damage.
 A final explosive shell landed deep within the ship and destabilized her power reactor. The ship lost control and spin uncontrollably.
 "She’s dead! Good job!" Captain Rynsel praised.
 If the ship lost her power, her inertial dampeners would quickly drain their meager reserves. Once that happened, the occupants of the ship would have no way of protecting themselves against the g-forces induced by the ship’s decent and uncontrollable spin. Everybody’s body would undergo an experience akin to a blender. Their bodies didn’t stand a chance.
 "Eyes up! Two more ships are passing through our sector! If they’ve got a strengthened cone as well, then wait until they pass us!"
 Neither ship turned out to be as abnormal as the first one. Ghanso and his squad comfortably blew up one ship, but they didn’t spare enough firepower to take out the other one. Even as they shot at the rear of the surviving carrier, her mech escorts plunged into their midst, forcing them to deal with them first while the remaining pirate ship got away.
 This pattern repeated over and over over the entire globe. Even the Vesians dropped their vigilance against the Mech Corps in order to prevent the pirates from gaining a foothold on the planet.
 Both the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion soon found out they underestimated the resolve of the pirates. Many pirate mechs that accompanied their carriers towards the surface recklessly entered into mortal combat against the defenders that made up the net. They attacked with no regards to their lives and always fought to the death.
 Though costly, the distraction worked. Ghanso lost track of how many dinky carriers passed by their squad as they tried to fend off the latest wave of suicidal pirate mechs.
 "Since when did pirates fight to the death?!"
 "Beats me! Pirates aren’t the smartest bunch of people in the first place!"
 "My ammo is running low! I’m all out of high explosive shells!"
 "My energy reserves are dipping as well!" Ghanso reported. Even at the lowest settings, the rate at which he fired off his beams had led to an inevitable drain on his energy cells.
 Sometimes he wished his mech suffered from the overcharge phenomenon, but it appeared the Glowing Planet only affected mechs closer to its surface. Just in case, the mech technicians had overridden the power safeties of each mech, but it hadn’t been necessary for now.
 Down on the surface of the Glowing Planet, Ves just finished affixing back the last piece of plating on the Urman. "Your mech is back in one piece, Walter."
 "Took you long enough." The big man gruffed as he zipped up to his cockpit. "Don’t wander off. It’s going to get dangerous soon."
 As Ves watched the Urman come online and move out of the workshop, he felt a little lost. Due to the pirate incursion, Ves had been forced to curtail his extensive rework of the Urman and rush to put the mech back together.
 "I could have learned much more if the pirates didn’t chose to drop from above." He sighed with regret.
 He picked up Lucky who had been staying alertly by his side as if he expected an imminent attack.
 "Do you sense the pirates approaching from above?"
 "Meow."
 Lucky certainly became more perceptive ever since he gorged himself to the mineral wealth of the Glowing Planet. His exterior had turned into a soft and pliable silvery alloy, but Ves had no doubt that its toughness surpassed the previous bronze-like exterior.
 "Well Lucky, let’s go up to the roof. I’m not content with holing up in this workshop."
 Ves didn’t want to cower in the face of the pirates. He walked over to where he stored his hazard suit and put it on in record time before he raced up to a lifter platform that brought him to the upper ramps. There, he found a secured entryway to the roof which Ves easily opened with the access codes he received from the Whalers.
 Once he stepped outside, he watched at the blinking lights falling down from orbit. The lack of air meant the mechs and ships descended without the pesky build-up of friction and heat. This made it rather difficult for Ves to spot the descending pirates with the naked eye.
 He had to establish a connection with the base’s sensor net, which had to borrow the telemetry sent out by the Blood Claws and the Mech Corps before they could make out how many pirates fell from the sky.
 His helmet visor bloomed with menacing purple icons. The sunless sky over Ves alone contained over fifty falling mech carriers. Occasionally, the space around them flashed as the pirate mechs fought back against the forces of the Mech Corps trying to stop their descent.
 "Too many ships are making it through." He determined.
 Only a fifth of the carriers encountered a mishap as the various spaceborn regiments of the Mech Corps feebly tried to catch as many pirates as they could.
 Ves didn’t blame the Mech Corps for their failure. Unlike them, he knew how many cannon fodder the Dragons of the Void were willing to sacrifice in order to advance their goals.
 A spread of seven different pirate vessels happened to aim their trajectory close towards their position. As the collective sensor net refined their readings, they even determined their most probable landing zones.
 One medium-sized pirate carrier happened to land a short distance away from this camp. Despite their threat, Ves remained in place. A single carrier shouldn’t be able to convey enough mechs to threaten the Whalers.
 The anticipation within him grew bigger as the carrier descended into visual range. Amidst the ever-present green glow, the underbelly of the pirate ship reflected back the light as if it was a star.
 Alarms rang out throughout the base as the anti-air turrets oriented their barrels towards the incoming carrier. After sounding out a final warning, the turrets thrummed as they shot laser beams after laser beams at the incoming pirate ship.
 The carrier happened to be a sturdier specimen from the rest. Her underbelly bore the laser beams without buckling. Each beam only left shallow furrows into the armored hull.
 A couple of turrets that fired kinetic projectiles opened fire after that. This time, they left deeper scars, but the sturdy carrier endured the rain of projectiles until it whooshed past their line of sight and landed a fair distance away behind some jagged cliffs and hills.
 For a moment, the base fell silent. The turrets returned to standby once their targets left their line of sights. Meanwhile, Walter, Fadah and the other leaders fell into a quick discussion on what to do next.
 Ves wasn’t privy to their conversation, but he didn’t need to make a guess because they already went into action. A couple of squads led by Fadah and some other cadre exited the base and cautiously approached the landing site of the carrier.
 He approved of their action. The mechs and pilots inside the carrier must be suffering from the aftereffects of their crash-like landing. Even if the ship had survived the entry onto the Glowing Planet, that didn’t mean the carrier had made it out unscatched.
 Ves patched into a private feed he surreptitiously added to the Blackbeak’s systems. His helmet visor shimmered before it began to transmit the Blackbeak’s view. He wanted to get a first-hand view of the Blackbeak’s upcoming performance. He especially wanted to determine whether Fadah could cope with all the changes he demanded from Ves.
 "Don’t screw up, Fadah."
 Walter, Fadah and the rest of the most experienced Whalers approached the landing site with haste.
 From the sensor readings and their own observations, they knew that the pirate ship sustained a lot of damage and had been forced to descend in a controlled crash.
 Different from an uncontrolled crash, the carrier and her occupants survived the impact. However, that didn’t mean they regained their senses immediately.
 Walter might not be a genius in administrative matters, but he had a good sense for combat. He wanted to seize the initiative and take out the pirates before they could muster a proper defense.
 Due to the haste involved in this decision, Walter had to let the faster mechs go ahead, leaving his Urman to catch up from the rear. Fadah’s modified Blackbeak showed its new strength in this moment. The slimmed-down medium mech caught up with the jogging light mechs without issue.
 "The landing site is five kilometers away. We should spread out and cover the flanks."
 The light mechs split apart without any further acknowledgement. Everyone understood each other due to the camaraderie they forged over a span of decades.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 While the light mechs covered the flanks, the mainstay medium mechs took the lead and approached the dormant carrier from her rear. The ship dug a deep furrow into the craggy ground, leading to a messy stop at the foot of an obsidian cliff.
 "The carrier is radiating a lot of heat. My sensors are going haywire from all of the junk. We don’t know what’s inside."
 That prompted the mechs to approach the carrier with a little caution. Fadah and the others waited until Walter’s Urman emerged from behind. He took one good look at the downed ship before issuing a command.
 "What are you afraid of? It’s a sitting duck right now! Shoot at it?"
 "But boss, don’t you want to salvage the ship? That’s a medium-sized carrier!"
 "Who cares about a half-wrecked ship! A couple of containers worth of junk exotics is a lot more valuable than this carrier. Shoot!"
 The Whalers brought a handful of rifleman mechs and a single cannoneer. All of them unleashed their firepower on the static vessel.
 The rifles only dealt shallow damage to the hull, but the ballistic cannon tore through the hull armor like a dog chewing through bone.
 The alarming damage from the cannon prompted the pirates inside to action. Despite the hard landing, their mech pilots had all been safely ensconced in their landbound mechs. When they blasted open the hatch, they showed very little signs of losing their wits. They poured out of the carrier and fired back at the Whalers.
 "They set a trap for us!"
 "Calm down! They’re out in the open and they don’t outnumber us!"
 The Whalers had spread out in a half-moon around the crash site. Furthermore, their mechs all took cover behind some sturdy rocks and hills, preventing the pirates from dealing any effective damage.
 The pirates obviously realized that and shifted directions. If they charged down the middle, they’d be surrounded on all sides. Thus, they chose to charged towards the extreme left of the formation.
 "Cycle clockwise!"
 The Whalers dynamically adjusted their formation in return. They spun the moon so that the pirates would be forced to cash against Walter’s Urman in a frontal clash.
 By then, it was too late for the pirate commander to change his mind. The pirates committed to the charge, shooting at the Urman with their ranged weapons while brandishing their melee weapons to finish the bulky mech up close.
 The Urman stoically withstood the impacts, having crossed its arms to let its thick armored gauntlets take the brunt of the blows.
 On the pirate side, two swordsman mechs and one knight led the charge. As for the Whalers, they continued to maneuver from the sides in order to envelop the pirates. For this to succeed, Walter had to blunt the charge of the pirates by himself. He grinned inside his cockpit.
 "COME!" He roared as he urged his Urman to lumber forward, building up momentum for the double fists it prepared to unleash.
 The knight in front sheathed its sword and held its shield with both arms. The Urman looked like it could pack a mean punch, and the pirate mech didn’t think it could withstand a lunging strike with a single arm.
 "TOO FLIMSY!"
 The Urman outright shattered the shield, pushing the knight back and taking it out of the action for a few seconds. The swordsman mechs that came right after slashed forth with their swords, only to be caught by the Urman’s heavy gauntlets.
 One pirate had been smart enough to let go of his sword, but the other pilot stubbornly clung to his only weapon. Walter grinned and pulled the sword forward, which forced the mech that held an iron grip on the handle to stumble closer.
 That was a fatal mistake.
 The Urman let go of the words and wrapped the vulnerable knight in a clapping bear hug that squished its outer frame. Its heavy gauntlets dug into the thinner rear armor until they pried open the armor plating. After ripping open the rear armor, the Urman dug into it with its clumsy fingers and demolished the critical internals underneath.
 The mech lost power, prompting the Urman to drop its first kill.
 "Who’s next?!"
 Both the knight and the swordsman mech recovered somewhat, although they hadn’t made it in time to rescue their unfortunate fellow pirate. Both of them flanked the Urman and started to prod at the brawler mech with their swords.
 While Walter occupied the two mechs, the rest of the Whalers dealt with the riff raff. Fadah’s Blackbeak shone at this moment by weaving through the disarrayed pirates like a shuttle racer through an asteroid field.
 Each time Fadah passed by a mech, he opportunistically thrust or slashed the Blackbeak’s sword. Any retaliation sent in the modified knight’s way would either be dodged or absorbed by its shield.
 Fadah started to grow fond of this extra defensive option. "This shield is a cheat!"
 Despite the shabby quality of most Whaler mechs, they had the edge over the pirates. The pirate mech pilots suffered from various amounts of disorientation while their mechs suffered minor impact damage from the rough landing.
 The pirates could have recovered their full strength after an hour of acclimatization, but the Whalers spoiled their plans.
 In addition, the Whalers spent days getting used to the Glowing Planet’s unusual environment. The lack of atmosphere, the reduced 0.7 gravity and the strange everpresent green glow all took time to get accustomed to. Some Whalers even used the abnormal conditions to their advantage.
 Fadah laughed as he piloted his Blackbeak like a nimble mouse among a clumsy herd of elephants. Even though his sword strikes didn’t have much power behind him, his constant harassment successfully threw the pirates off balance.
 His Blackbeak approached an enemy rifleman mech from behind and chopped at its arm, forcing the pirate mech to cease its attack on a vulnerable Whaler. Fadah didn’t stick around to make a follow-up attack but instead preserved his momentum and veered towards another knight mech that locked its armament against a battle-axe wielding mech.
 "Lou! Keep the git in place!"
 "Got it, Fadah!"
 Lou forced the pirate knight in a bitter struggle, pushing it back and knocking it slightly off-balance. Fadah took advantage of the opening by lunging forward and putting his mech’s full weight behind its sword.
 The tip buried straight through the back of the knight’s substantial armor and happened to dig deep enough to slice through the cockpit, instantly killing the pilot within.
 "Great job, Lou!"
 "Thanks. Let’s mop up the rest!"
 The Whalers decisively tipped the balance in their favor over the next couple of minutes. With Walter occupying the their two best fighters, the pirates found themselves hard-pressed to fend off the Whalers attacking from each direction.
 At some point in time, the pirate rifleman mechs shifted focus. Instead of shooting at the closest threat, they turned around and focused all of their firepower on one of the Whalers piloting a light mech.
 A barrage of high-powered lasers and explosive shells struck the terrain around the light mech. The pirate mechs quickly corrected their aim and started landing solid hits on the Whaler mech.
 "Hoyler! Get out of there!"
 "I’m trying but they’re boxing me in! URGH!"
 An explosive shell ripped its leg, causing the light mech to falter in its steps. Hoyler’s mech spun around and exposed its back towards the enemy for a single instant. The next volley of shells and lasers struck aside the flimsy rear armor and reached the compact energy cells buried underneath.
 "NO!"
 Hoyler’s small and nimble light mech exploded before its pilot even had a chance to eject. The combined explosive and electric discharge wrenched every mech from their feet, flinging them away as the terrain buckled from underneath.
 They landed on their backs or sides in a series of violent crunches. If the Glowing Planet possessed air, then the resulting pressure wave from the discharge would have squashed them straight into the cliffs.
 Of all the mechs, only two recovered quickly. Walter’s Urman only suffered marginally due to its immense bulk and stable footing. Fadah anticipated the blast in time and curled his Blackbeak just before their footing underwent an upheaval.
 "Hoyler! He’s gone!"
 "Finish off these scum!"
 With the help of the Urman and the Blackbeak, the Whalers ruthlessly finished off the immobilized pirate mechs. Their pilots hadn’t been aware of the overcharge phenomenon so they hadn’t been on-guard against a violent explosion like that. They never recovered before the Whalers stomped their cockpits with the foot of their mechs.
 After they finished the battle, they stood in silence to honor their fallen brother. Hoyler had been one of Walter’s early recruits, and while he never amounted to anything in the Whalers, his steady presence had been a pillar to the entire gang.
 "Finish off the ship. Don’t leave any survivors."
 The Whalers didn’t think about recovering the ship or any of its cargo. Their ranged mechs simply blasted it from a distance while the crew of the vessel ran around like headless chickens.
 The gang didn’t even bother chasing any of the pirates running away on foot. Their vacuum-sealed suits only lasted them a couple of days at most. Without any other supplies, they’d starve in the harsh and desolate landscape of the Glowing Planet.
 Once the fallen carrier turned into a pile of broken chunks, the Whalers carefully dug up any pieces of Hoyler’s mech they could find and bring them back to camp.
 Ves halted the feed that enabled him to spy on the Blackbeak at work and sighed. "I told them they’d face setbacks."
 The Whalers overestimated their abilities and committed to the fight with more aggression than they needed. Still, the intense battle gave Ves a first-hand glimpse of how the new Blackbeak fared.
 Fadah delivered a marvelous performance. All of the modifications that added to its mobility had been worth it as Fadah flexed and moved his mech in a way that resembled a dance. The pirates had never been able to catch the Blackbeak once.
 Still, Ves placed a caveat on his observations. "Fadah can only get away with it on the Glowing Planet."
 The lack of atmosphere took away the need to fight against air friction. The lighter gravity allowed the Blackbeak to pull off moves that medium mechs wouldn’t be able to in ordinary circumstances.
 Ves had to admit that for all of his smarts, he overlooked the environment as a decisive factor that could change the performance of a mech.
 He wouldn’t be blamed for making such an elementary mistakes. Most battles on land occurred on terraformed planets that had been cherry-picked by colonists because their gravity closely matched the Terran standard.
 Humanity’s true origin came from Old Earth. Their species thrived best if they propagated onto planets with environments that closely matched their ancestral home.
 The battle that Ves witnessed earlier taught him that his mechs may often be deployed under strange conditions. During the design process, he modelled his Blackbeak’s performance under a variety of abnormal environments, but he always treated those simulations as a chore.
 Now, he realized that those simulations foretold some very important outcomes for his mech. "The perfect mech that performs well in every possible environment doesn’t exist. A bad design under standard conditions might be able to redeem itself in other conditions."
 Ves quietly digested this lesson as the Walter and his men returned to their fortified camp.
 The loss of Hoyler and the way he died left the Whalers in a somber mood. Ves hoped their rude awakening would push them to work more meticulously, but the Whalers showed a remarkable ability to move on from tragedy.
 They held a festive party over the night where over half of the Whalers drunk themselves into a stupor. By the time they woke up the next morning, the pain at losing Hoyler had become a distant pang.
 Everything went back to normal, although the Whalers heightened their alertness. No more pirate vessels fell from the sky in their vicinity.
 In fact, every descending carrier aimed to land in the middle of unclaimed terrain. The ships that crashed near the Vesians or the Brighters had been forced to veer from their original trajectories due to the damage they suffered from the battle up in space.
 This left everyone with a bit of reprieve. Until the pirates recovered from their landings and gathered together, they posed no threat to the Whalers.
 Fadah and Ves gathered at the stables where the Blackbeak rested. The mech didn’t suffer anything more than a couple of scratches at the hands of the pirates. It actually sustained more damage from its fall when Hoyler’s mech blew up, and that had to be fixed.
 "I can fix the Blackbeak up in half a day." He said, eying his own work with a new sense of appreciation. The lack of armor didn’t seem so bad now that he knew that Fadah would be able to make the most of it on the Glowing Planet. "Is there anything else you’d like to be modified while I’m at it?"
 "No." Fadah lethargically shook his head. "The Blackbeak is still in a pretty good shape. Just do the basics and move on to fixing the other mechs."
 "Alright."
 Ves quietly went to work, though inwardly he sighed again. Fadah expected too much from him. He wasn’t a miracle worker. The Whalers piloted cheap and badly maintained mechs. Their workshops lacked a lot of advanced tools and the mech technicians resembled bums more than professionals.
 Still, he kept his complaints to himself and tried to make the best of it, knowing that he might need to get accustomed to working under trying circumstances.
 With his penchant for diving into trouble, he might be put into situations where he’d be forced to work on a mech without any tools or supplies.
 A couple of days went by as Ves modified mech after mech. Nothing much happened on the ground.
 The pirates that landed on the surface gathered up and formed a series of underground bases. Occasionally, the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion up in orbit bombarded their positions, but the sheer amount of distance and some unknown influences from the Glowing Planet caused most shots to miss their mark.
 It was a waste of time and energy to bombard the pirates unless they gathered at least an entire regiment.
 However, whenever they did so, the pirate fleet that remained in the vicinity of the Glowing Planet would move in and threaten the mechs. This led to complicated orbital maneuvering where the three sides tried to box each other in to no avail. All of the fruitless course adjustments frustrated the pilots that had to remain on standby like Ghanso.
 "When will this ever end?!" He moaned inside his Vhedra-S.
 "It’ll end when the pirates slip up." Old Man Alex replied.
 "Like that’ll ever happen. Those Dragons of the Void bastards are cunning as hell, and slippery to booth. They keep bluffing us over and over and we keep falling for their tricks."
 "That’s spaceborn combat for you. It’s not as if we’re on land where we’ll halt our movement once we shut off our engines. Everything is in motion. In order to thrive in space, you have to understand the mechanics behind all this stuff."
 "Do you?"
 "Nah. Are you crazy? I’d rather improve my piloting skill than to go back to school. Leave the thinking to Lieutenant Fairfax and Captain Rynsel. I heard they took some extra courses in order to qualify for promotion."
 That opened up some doors in Ghanso’s mind. He understood the need to become more familiar with how movement worked in space. The basic courses taught in the academies only scratched the surface of what had happened here.
 "Maybe I’ll register for those classes as well."
 "Good luck, then. You’re young enough to keep learning, so make the most out of it while you still can. Don’t ever stop improving!"
 Ghanso detected some regret in Old Man Alex’s voice. Perhaps the man missed a lot of opportunities in his youth. "Thanks for the guidance."
 "It’s nothing. You Larkinsons are able to figure things out sooner or later. If not me, then some other relative of yours would have clued you in."
 That did not detract from the value of Alex’s advice. Ghanso opened up his comm and browsed for the next available openings for the classes he had in mind.
 While a stalemate continued to persist in space, back on the ground, Ves took a break after modifying the tenth mech that passed in his hands.
 "Alright, this is enough. Go take the rest of the day off!"
 The exhausted mech technicians whooped as they dropped their tools on the deck. Ves winced at the careless treatment of their gear. If only the Whalers had a proper chief to knock some sense into their skulls.
 Lately, Ves did all of his work underground. The Whalers finished tunneling a coupe of secure mech-sized halls, and finishing moving most of their surface assets to these empty spaces. Ves felt better for having layers of rocks stand between his head and a laser beam from orbit.
 "Melkor!"
 He met Melkor by the entrance of the workshop. Lately, his cousin had been volunteering to go on patrols. Even though Lucky had run off to dig up highly valuable exotics, Ves hardly felt any threat from the Whalers. Thus, he allowed Melkor to volunteer for other duties.
 "We need to discuss something." Melkor as he guided Ves by the arm. "It concerns the battle in space. There’s a chance we might get cut off from escape, at least for the next couple of weeks."
 Ves turned sour as he contemplated the possibility. Nothing good ever happened when a groundside force got cuff off from support up in orbit. He already went through a munity in his previous adventure to Groening IV.
 ’What’s the Mech Corps up to?"
 "My guess is that the’ve decided the 4th division iss too exposed and outnumbered to make a play for orbital supremacy. It might even be impossible to maintain geosynchronous orbit over their men on the ground. They’re pulling back to a higher orbit over the planet where they have much more room to maneuver. The Blood Claws and the Whalers and the other outfits who signed on with them will follow suit."
 So we’re letting the pirates hover over the planet with impunity?
 "Not exactly. They’ve been forced into an even higher orbit. They’re so far away in the skies that they won’t be able to threaten our base. The men I’ve talked with heard from other men who speculated that the pirates are waiting for reinforcements. Either they’re expecting a lot of help, or they’re holding secret talks with the mercenaries who haven’t signed a contract yet."
 Ves understood Melkor’s concern. They couldn’t rule out the possibilitity that the mercenary lords would throw their lot with the pirates, who possessed the most ships out of the three principal forces battling for control.
 They started to discuss contingencies. Anything could happen in the next weeks, and the Whalers might end up facing a threat that none of them could beat.
 "I’ll divert some supplies from the Whalers. They don’t even guard them. All they’re focused on is the growing pile of exotics that they’ve dug out of the soil."
 Melkor nodded. "Okay. I will volunteer to go on patrol outside the walls. I’ll be mapping our escape routes and note any dangers along the way."
 They both prayed that they never had to enact their contingencies, but the balance of power kept shifting out of the favor of the Bright Republic. The mercenary lords who decided to stay neutral did so because they lacked faith in the Republic’s strength.
 Over time, the Mech Corps would continue to diminish in power. Melkor passed on to Ves that the Mech Corps refused to send more divisions to the Glowing Planet. They couldn’t afford to strip their defenses in favor of chasing after riches onto an unknown alien planet.
 "What about the Vesians?"
 "I have no clue." Melkor shrugged. "The Mech Legion doesn’t appear to be expecting any reinforcements either. I think they’re too scared to commit so many forces across the border. It’s easier for us to ambush us them if they have to enter our territory first."
 Ves nodded in understanding and walked away. Now that he had some time to himself, Ves intended to return to the barracks and sleep. He exited the workshop hall and traversed the hollowed-out corridors towards his destination.
 The grim underground tunnels cast his surroundings in a depressing light. He preferred the creepy green glow over the corridor’s harsh white ceiling lights.
 The only upside to working underground was that the Whalers sealed the entrances shut. Everyone inside ditched their bulky hazard suits, including Ves. Even if the base suffered an attack which caused the air to leak out, he still had his anti-grav clothes to provide him with some oxygen.
 Ves passed by an empty room that hadn’t been put to use yet. As he turned his head for a peek, he suddenly felt a slim but incredibly strong palm push him inside.
 He tumbled into the room into a heap. That palm carried a lot of strength, much more than his enhanced body could handle!
 "Who’s there!?" He yelled and whipped up his back pistol towards the entrance, only to meet a familiar sight. "No! You can’t be here! You’re not real!"
 A chill ran through his body as he met his mother’s apparition again. After his first encounter with his mother, he tried to convince himself that she hadn’t actually risen from the dead.
 "Vessssss....." His mother dragged on as her body hovered closer to her son.
 Each time his mother came close, Ves took a step back. The chill in his body grew more frigid and his mind grew sluggish. The ghost of his mother called out to him in a way that turned him into a helpless young toddler that yearned for his mother’s embrace.
 "You’re... not... real..." Ves hissed from between his gritted teeth as he fought back against his uncooperative mind and body. "This... is... all... in... my... mind..."
 "My Vessie boy. The heart doesn’t lie. Don’t you recognize me?" His mother asked as she neared his son. She grew more substantial the closer she got to Ves. "Dreams and reality are interconnected. What you see in front of you doesn’t need to exist in order to exist."
 "Stop acting like my mother! You are nothing like her!" He uttered as his back bumped against the wall of the room. He slid his body sideways until he trapped himself in a corner.
 His mother closed in with a disappointed expression. "Ves... I never meant for you to be involved with mechs. Your father always insisted that mechs is in your blood, but it’s not. You shouldn’t have become a mech designer and you shouldn’t have come here in the first place."
 "Why...?"
 "Because I had someone change your genes." She revealed as she stopped in front of Ves. Her finger reached out and trailed his cheek again. Her ghostly finger felt very real to Ves. "You used to be a Larkinson. When I thought about my baby boy risking his life on a foreign planet, I couldn’t bear the thought of losing you. I went behind your father’s back and visited a clinic in Bentheim to take away your genetic aptitude."
 "What? Mother, that’s nonsense!"
 "It’s true. I took away your affinity for mechs."
 "You’re lying!" He screamed, though his voice lacked his usual strength. "You loved me. You always promised me you’d support me if I became a pilot..."
 Even though he already reconciled himself with his lot in life, his mother had brutally ripped open his mental wounds. The pain of disappointment and the despair of knowing that he could never be a true Larkinson had always lurked in his mind.
 His mother didn’t seem to care.
 "Ves. You should have stayed at Cloudy Curtain. You should have been safe there." Her face turned ugly. "But your father ruined it all!"
 In the Age of Mechs, the greatest honor a young child could ever receive was to learn he had the potential to become a mech pilot. Society elevated such potentates and granted them many privileges in order to facilitate their ability to pilot a mech.
 Yet not every parent wished their child to become a mech pilot. Considering the immense casualties the Republic suffered after each war against the Kingdom, a growing underground movement formed between mothers who wished their children would never have to face another mech on the battlefield.
 Wouldn’t it be better if their child remained home and took up a mundane job instead of throwing away his life for an empty cause? As new lives bloomed within their bellies, these mothers would do everything to see their offspring live a long and fulfilling life.
 Thus, they formed an underground movement. With the complicity of illegal genetic clinics, they secretly broke the chain of genes through modified gene treatments that had ordinarily been used to immunize their unborn children against genetic defects.
 This could only be done in the first months of their pregnancies. Gene modification became increasingly more difficult as their children grew. Only extremely extravagant means like gene boosts could change a person’s entire genetic makeup.
 "Mother... you’re lying..." Ves softly retorted, even though her revelation sounded true in his heart. "Why did you break my genes? And what did father do?"
 "Isn’t it obvious?" His mother shook her head. "That gift of yours is Ryncol’s solution to your problem. He knew what I had done, and even if he never confronted me about it, he found his own way to defy me!"
 Her body became more substantial the longer she lingered close to Ves. He could even feel the energies quietly circulating inside his body being siphoned away by her somehow. Each mote of energy that entered her body seemed to strengthen her aura, suppressing Ves to the point where he could barely lean against the corner of the room.
 "What are you, mother? How did you turn into this ghost?"
 She smiled at him and patted his head like he was a child. His mother didn’t answer his question, but stared at him with a mixture of loathing and love.
 Ves felt deeply uncomfortable at seeing his mother’s face so warped in this way. It was as if this ghost wanted violate his most cherished and innocent memories of his mother.
 The standoff continued until the energy cycle inside his body started to stutter. More than half of his vigorous energy had been handed over to the ghost who wore the visage of his mother. Ves didn’t believe his mother came back from the dead. No parent would ever treat his child this way. With a wordless grunt, Ves summoned up the vestiges of his strength and pushed himself from the wall.
 His body flew right through his mother’s translucent body. Her dress hardly shifted as Ves encountered nothing but air. He sprawled to the floor yet again. This time, it took many seconds for him to turn around.
 His mother had disappeared. She was gone like the wind.
 Ves dried the tears in his eyes and began to recover more of his strength. His lethargic energy cycle continued its figure-eight rotation, but for the first time in months, Ves didn’t feel as if he was one step away from being blown up by Dr. Jutland’s gift.
 Should he be thankful for his mother for delaying the bomb that ticked inside his body?
 "That’s not my mother." He repeated as he deeply tried to convince himself that he faced some sort of shapeshifting ghost. "My mother would never try to hurt me."
 Somehow, his excuses rang hollow. Deep within his heart, some primal vestige of his love for his mother had judged the ghost to be who she said she was. No matter how much logic Ves threw at his heart, it never swayed from its judgement.
 Eventually, Ves did what he had always done when he faced an intractable problem. He shoved it to the back of his mind and tried to pretend the incident never happened.
 Ves wearily left the empty room and walked back to the barracks where he holed up in his private bunk and slept.
 He had no trouble falling asleep.
 The next morning, Ves wearily woke up and returned to his work. Just over a hundred mechs awaited his ministrations. No one wanted to repeat Hoyler’s experience. With their mechs stuffed with overcharged energy cells, each pilot risked instant death whenever they deployed.
 "Please, Mr. Larkinson! Please help me!" A pilot begged to Ves. He even bent his knees in supplication to the almighty mech designer. "I don’t care if you slow down my mech. Just make it safer for me to pilot!"
 Sighing, Ves agreed to fulfill the pilot’s request. He learned the hard way that they didn’t take his realistic assessment very well. The Whalers expected Ves to reduce the risk by as much as fifty percent.
 In actuality, the most he could do was to pull off some tricks to reduce the likelihood of setting off the energy cells by ten percent at most. He couldn’t alter the fundamental makeup of a mech, especially not with the means the Whalers had at their disposal.
 "There are limits to how much armor I can stuff to the rear of these mechs."
 The Whalers used a substantial amount of light mechs and frontline mechs. Both of them had very little tolerance for added weight. Their designs already reached their limits in terms of weight allocation, so Ves always had to remove something else in order to improve the protection around the energy cells.
 All of it was barely worth the effort, yet Ves had to play the charlatan in order to put a stop to the growing panic among the Whalers. Many mech pilots had grown increasingly paranoid about their own mechs. Only after Ves adjusted their machines did they calm down from their fright.
 Fortunately, the pirates hadn’t made a move against the Whalers during this grace period. The battle in space continued to be tepid while the pirates on the ground only formed sporadic raids.
 The Mech Corps didn’t like it when a group of pirates gathered together within their sphere of influence. They proactively sent out hunting parties to eliminate any small to medium-sized gathering of pirate mechs within the vicinity.
 Ves got word that the Mech Corps detected a large-scale gathering of pirates, and tasked the Blood Claws to eliminate the group before they became fully entrenched.
 In turn, the Blood Claws called upon their own subordinates to assist them in this endeavor. Walter’s Whalers had to contribute twenty mechs to the engagement.
 Walter decided to send out three different squads, one of which happened to be the fast-reaction squad led by Fadah. This would be the Blackbeak’s second serious deployment.
 This time, the entire mech force would be leaving the vicinity of the base. Due to the intense amount of interference on the planet, the mechs would be out of communication for days. Ves wouldn’t be able to enjoy a live picture of the Blackbeak in action. He could only resort to activating a hidden recording function inside his mech.
 "The Blood Claws are deploying over two-hundred mechs." Fadah spoke as he waited for Ves to finish his final touch-ups. "I even heard there’s a new star among their midst. They say she’s related to you."
 That must have been Raella. "I know. She’s my cousin. I don’t think she needs any help, but please take care of her when you can. Like any Larkinson, she’s a good mech pilot, but she’s never been on an actual battlefield."
 "Hah! Don’t worry, Ves. Daddy Fadah will take care of your baby cousin!" The pilot smacked his chest for emphasis. "With this super-fast Blackbeak, there’s no way I can lose to any pirate!"
 Ves hadn’t been allowed to accompany the task force. The Blood Claws wanted to flatten the pirates quickly, and that meant they had to minimize their burdens. A mech designer like Ves wouldn’t be too useful at the very front, especially if he couldn’t bring any supplies.
 "I hope you can keep your word."
 After Fadah and nineteen other Whalers entered the mechs and stepped out of base, some of the liveliness had disappeared. No one who remained could tell whether all twenty would return.
 Ves thought this was good. Walter’s Whalers finally dropped some of their complacency and seriously started to weigh the risks.
 During his free time, Ves carefully investigated the ghost sightings among the Whalers. He discreetly tracked down the people who reported the hallucinations and found a couple of patterns.
 First, everyone saw a loved one who had died. This could be their parents, their grandparents or some other acquantaintance who moved on from this galaxy.
 Second, no one ever experienced multiple hallucinations. Half the people who reported the sightings couldn’t even remember the incidents.
 Third, none of the people who experienced these hallucinations had something sucked out of their bodies. Only Ves had the fortune to encounter a ghost who harvested from his bountiful life energies.
 When he came to these conclusions, he depressingly rubbed his eyes. "Am I some sort of human battery for these ghosts? How many of them are there?"
 He faintly suspected that only one ghost haunted this base. The ghost must be proficient in reading the memories of its victims and imitate what he stole from their minds.
 It was the only explanation Ves could come up with that allowed him to deny the continued existence of his mother. He simply didn’t want to accept that his mother had really talked to him in this manner.
 Ves had half-convinced himself that the ghost would pay another visit to him sooner or later. His special physique must be a wonderful tonic for insubstantial life forms that existed more in the imaginary realm than the physical realm.
 "How can I hurt a ghost?"
 He left out any mundane means like hitting it with a rod or shooting it with a pistol. The ghost had already showed off its ability to ignore anything it didn’t wish to touch.
 "I can’t use anything conventional."
 The only solution he could turn to was to use the heaven-defying properties of exotic materials.
 Unfortunately, the minerals the Whalers mined up to this point didn’t fit the job. Most of the ores the Whalers dug up with their mining equipment consisted of low-tier exotics with simple effects such as lighter mass or a little bit of extra sturdiness. They didn’t differ too much from the junk exotics that any idiot could pick off the ground.
 "The really valuable stuff should be buried deep underground or somewhere closer to the center of the red zone."
 The red zone exhibited a lot of strange effects. Without the dimensional smoothers, the sheer amount of deadly fluctuations would have wiped out the Mech Corps that settled on this resource-rich territory.
 "I’ve got to find a way to get into the red zone."
 Not only did Ves want to obtain some materials that could help him fend off his so-called mother, he also wanted to make headway into completing the System’s mission. He quietly activated his Privacy Shield and re-read the mission again.
 [Mission]
 Mission: Obtaining the Core
 Difficulty: B-Rank
 Prerequisites: Find your way to the Glowing Planet
 Description
 The rogue planet that has been discovered by the humans hides a special ore that originates from its core. Seek out a hand-sized sample of this ore and offer it to the Mech Designer System.
 Failure condition: Fail to acquire a substance from the core of the Glowing Planet within ninety days from the issuance of this mission. Your ability to spend Design Points will be curtailed for two years.
 Reward:
 Special Upgrade Voucher (Machine), 10 golden lottery tickets
 The System didn’t reveal anything useful about this ore. It didn’t tell him how it looked like and what kind of benefits it offered. Ves could only tell that the System valued it extremely highly, given that it attached a steep penalty for failing this task.
 "At least the rewards should be something good."
 Ves didn’t put much stock into low-tier lottery tickets, but the System never skimped when it came to something good. The golden lottery tickets should be offering something extremely good, though he could also end up with junk if his luck had taken the wrong turn.
 What he really aimed for was the so-called Special Upgrade Voucher (Machine). It sounded like he could upgrade the parameters of any machine he owned, and by a significant margin to boot. Depending on the definition of ’machine’, Ves could upgrade anything, from Lucky, to his Dortmund printer, to his highly modified comm module.
 "If this ore is as valuable as I think, then this voucher should be worth effort to seek it out."
 Ves faced an important impediment to fulfilling the System’s mission. Walter’s Whalers would never be able to breach to the core with their low-tech mining equipment.
 They simply didn’t possess the infrastructure to dig more than a couple of kilometers underground, and neither did they held the inclination to do so.
 Why bother digging so deep when they harvested enough riches at their current depths?
 He’d have to resort to other outfits to bring him to the core. Ves doubted the Blood Claws possessed much more ambition than the Whalers. Even if they brought more sophisticated gear, they’d only focus on the immediate fruits instead of the richer treasures buried deep.
 "It’s got to be the Mech Corps. Only they have the ambition to exploit this planet completely."
 The Mech Corps already revealed their ambitions by claiming one of the red zones of the planet. Despite its many dangers, the red zone also offered some of the richest deposits of exotics.
 Furthermore, it was likely that the Mech Corps must be holding some suspicions of this wondrous planet. They would definitely attempt to explore the unknown as much as they could before the seventy-day deadline had passed.
 "I’ve got to find a way to slip into the Mech Corps."
 That was a very tall order. The 4th Bentheim Division that presided over the base in the red zone didn’t allow any entry to outsiders. Ves couldn’t find a good excuse to convince the guards to let him roam around sensitive military regions either, let alone join a deep core mining expedition to the center of the Glowing Planet.
 "Let’s take this one step at a time. Every lofty goal is insurmountable if you stay at the beginning."
 His first task would be to find a way for the Mech Corps to allow him to enter the red zone. It would be better if they invited him on their own initiative, which should only happen if he offered something vital that only he could do.
 What was the biggest problem facing the Mech Corps on this planet?
 "It’s got to be the overcharge phenomenon."
 As long as the energy cells kept receiving an overcharge, every mech that ran on these type of cells turned into portable bombs.
 Ironically, cheap low-tier mechs like the ones procured by the Whalers didn’t pose much of a risk. Sure, even a light mech’s catastrophic discharge had been capable of throwing nearby mechs off their feet, but that was the extent of the damage.
 Heavier and more advanced mechs carried as much as ten times more energy than Hoyler’s pitiful light mech. They had to in order to deliver the kind of performance their designers had in mind.
 The kind of energy cells used in an advanced mech like the Havalax compressed a lot more energy in a much smaller package. This enabled Dumont to stuff the rear of his Havalax with double or triple the amount of energy cells, each of which carried an extremely potent amount of power.
 "Only one of them has to fail."
 If one cell blew up, the adjacent cells quickly followed. This would continue to cascade until the entire advanced blew up in a titanic discharge that would swallow any other mech in the vicinity.
 This was the scariest part. Any mech in range of this violent explosion risked setting off their own energy cells. Again, only a single failure sufficed to set off another sudden blast.
 As long as enough mechs had gathered in the same place, this could lead to an increasingly devastating chain reaction that would swallow both the Mech Corps and whoever they fought. Nothing could survive these runaway explosions.
 "While the Mech Corps can rely on their fuel cell mechs to do the heavy lifting, it won’t be possible to furlough over eighty percent of their mechs."
 Mechs that ran on pure energy cells remained the norm in the Mech Corps. The convenience of working with a single, universal resource that could be replenished in a million different ways outweighed the higher amount of energy density that processed fuel provided.
 If an energy-driven mech somehow got stranded, its pilot could whip out the energy solar chargers and let the local sun replenish the spent cells. While it would take years to charge up a single cell this way, at least it offered hope.
 The only problem was that Ves didn’t have a clue how to go about the problem. The Mech Corps undoubtedly put a lot of researchers together to fix the problem themselves. If Ves wanted to upstage those scientists, he’d have to find a way to cheat.
 "That’s where the System should come in."
 He still saved up a decent amount of DP. The last time he checked his reserve, he accumulated more than 50,000 DP, all of which he’d earned from selling his Blackbeak models.
 Strangely enough, the System included the bronze-label mechs fabricated by EME to his credit as well. Ves estimated that EME must have earned a fortune by selling over four-hundred mechs so far. Since the System based its DP rewards by revenue instead of profits, Ves received a lot more DP from EME than from the LMC’s own in-house production.
 "There’s a benefit to a larger scale of production."
 The System’s remuneration system prioritized the spread of his designs over how he could maximize the profits of each mech. In a way, their goals diverged, as Ves wanted to focus on selling a limited quality of high quality mechs while the System wanted to spread his mechs regardless of their merits.
 In any case, that was a problem for another day. First, he had to consider how to spend his DP. 50,000 DP sounded a lot, but it could easily be wasted if he invested in the wrong skills and items.
 "I’ve got to learn more about the overcharge phenomenon first. Until I can narrow down the list of possible solutions, I have no clue where I can best spend my DP."
 Ves turned off his comm and went back to work. Even if he wanted to spend some time on researching the overcharge phenomenon, he still had to meet his obligations to the Whalers. He made a promise, after all.
 Through his work, Ves became exposed to a variety of different mechs, almost all of which had been cheap, second-hand or modified to the point where he couldn’t figure out their original design.
 Getting his hands dirty with each of these mechs had broadened his vision concerning the many ways in which a mech designer chose to reduce the cost of their designs. Ves had never thought up such extreme measures, and getting a detailed glimpse of other people’s works enlightened him to a different style of designing mechs.
 "I’ve always been straight and narrow with my designs. Quality comes first."
 Both the Marc Antony and the Blackbeak carried his philosophy of squeezing as much quality as possible out of the limitations set by his budget.
 For example, the Mark II had been designed to deliver the most amount of value for its recommended price tag of 30 million credits, while the Blackbeak tried to do the same for a base price of 60 million credits. Ves always set a budget and tried to exceed the average level of performance of other designs that cost the same.
 Through these cheap designs, Ves figured out a different philosophy. It was a philosophy that revolved around cost, and cost alone.
 Quality and performance didn’t matter too much, not as this price range. Mechs that cost less than 10 million credits performed so badly that it didn’t matter if you dropped a little lower. As long as you could shave off a couple of hundred thousand credits here and there, any compromise in performance could be justified.
 All of this had to do with the inherent cost efficiency of numbers versus quality.
 The Bright Republic’s mech industry maintained a very rough rule of thumb on this issue.
 Two mechs that cost 5 million credits each could beat a single mech worth 15 million credits.
 Two mechs that cost 10 million credits each could beat a single mech worth 30 million credits.
 Two mechs that cost 20 million credits each could beat a single mech worth 60 million credits.
 Two mechs that cost 50 million credits each could beat a single mech worth 120 million credits.
 Four mechs that cost 150 million credits each could beat a single mech worth 1 billion credits.
 These figures stated that it was always better to field more mechs than to invest in a smaller amount of more expensive mechs. Even that single mech worth 1 billion credits would be forced to run like a dog if it faced a swarm of mechs that each cost only 5 million credits.
 Smaller outfits like the Whalers didn’t lack for low-quality mech pilots. They often worried about coming up with the money to buy more mechs. This led to the decision to invest in lots of cheap mechs.
 The elite portion of the Mech Corps and the better-off outfits faced the opposite situation. They often enjoyed abundant funding, but they faced an insurmountable bottleneck in terms of recruiting talented mech pilots. Each advanced pilot and higher was a treasure, and it would be a waste if they paired them with a worthless mech.
 These kind of buyers had to maximize the value they could squeeze out of their pilots. They didn’t care as much about how much money they had to spend, so long as their pilots could fully exploit their talents.
 Ves had always focused on the latter clientele and completely neglected the segment of the market with the highest volume of sales. He thought that such cheap mechs lacked sophistication, and that they derived the majority of their cost savings by cutting corners.
 "It’s true, but there’s more to it."
 His opinion turned out to be prejudiced. After multiple detailed studies of their designs, Ves gained a new appreciation of budget mechs.
 "It’s true that they cut a lot of corners, but they’re always very inventive about it. They cut out anything that’s superfluous and treat the parts that absolutely essential with reverence."
 The key to keeping down the costs lay in specializing the designs.
 An expensive design like the Blackbeak could fulfill multiple roles. While Ves designed it as an offensive knight, it possessed enough traits from other types to act like a skirmisher of defensive knight if the situation called for it. Any buyer would easily be able to accentuate these roles by applying some aftermarket modifications to the frame.
 Ves had already done so for Fadah’s Blackbeak.
 The cheap mechs in the hands of the rest of the Whalers lacked this fluidity in roles. Their designers only kept one rigid vision in mind when they came up with their designs.
 A light skirmisher always functioned as a decent skirmisher, but it lacked the advanced sensors to act as a scout. It also couldn’t be employed as a light rifleman due to the lack of optimization in its arms.
 He learned that this wasn’t a bad thing. A mech specialized for one single style of combat delivered so much cost savings that they’d been able to depress the production cost to an enviably low sum.
 "A hyper-specialized design is probably twenty-five percent cheaper than a standard design."
 To gangs and mercenary corps with little funds at their disposal, the demerits of these designs didn’t scare them off too much. Anything that couldn’t be solved with quality could be compensated by numbers.
 For the first time since the start of his career, Ves felt the urge to design a cheap but effective frontline mech.
 "Walter’s Whalers can do better. They’re getting stiffed by their suppliers."
 Ves had casually inquired how much they spent on these mechs, and in his eyes they’d been scammed. The Whalers spent five million credits on pieces of junk that shouldn’t be worth more than three million credits.
 "I can do better."
 Raella Larkinson strode among the vanguard of the Blood Claws horde. Over two hundred mechs spent days trying to traverse the rugged and uneven terrain of the Glowing Planet.
 Since she didn’t bring her own mech along, the Blood Claws lent her a mech that fit her well.
 The Sliverath wasn’t like her Vectrix at all.
 Her previous duelling-oriented mech excelled at quick bursts of performance, offering a lot of power at the cost of poor efficiency.
 That didn’t mean the Sliverath turned those parameters around, but it offered a much flatter performance curve in order to extend its uptime. At their current power-saving pace of marching, the Sliverath could easily last a couple of days without replenishing its energy cells.
 The Blood Claws still did so after each day in case they met an ambush. A couple of low hovering transports followed far behind them to supply the mechs. Everyone kept an extremely lengthy distance from the transport vessels, since they carried so many energy cells that the explosion could mimic a weapon of mass destruction if they all set off.
 The overcharge phenomenon manifested more changes than that. Each mech kept a healthy distance from each other as well in order to avoid a chain reaction.
 They even knew precisely how far they had to disperse. Some of the scientists from the Mech Corps came up with a formula that determined the volatility of each mech from how many energy cells they carried and how much overcharge they held.
 The results would be indexed from a number from 0 to 10. The number 0 represented no risk while the number 10 meant that a kilometer wide area would be scoured from end to end.
 The Sliverath only received a score of 3, as the light skirmisher didn’t offer much space to store a lot of energy cells. It also didn’t drain as much as energy as a laser rifleman, so the smaller capacity didn’t hinder the mech.
 "Hey Dietrich." She called over her private channel with her boyfriend. "How’s it going? Do you miss the feeling of flying in the air?"
 "Not really. It’s way too dangerous to pilot an aerial mech on this cursed planet. I’d rather hide behind some solid cover this time."
 The Glowing Planet’s abundant exotic minerals emitted constant interference fields that made flying a bad choice. Besides having to deal with unstable flight, any aerial mech would only need to be hit once before they popped like firework due to their light armor and heightened energy consumption.
 Thus, Dietrich borrowed an average rifleman mech model instead of a mech identical to his Harrier. Even if he disliked being bound to the land, he didn’t want to leave his girlfriend alone when she was about to embark on her first actual battle.
 The attack force reached the pirate base a couple of hours later. A scout mech that had been watching over their activities met with Kanaan, the head of the force.
 "Report."
 "It’s just like the boss predicted. The rats have just found out about the overcharge stuff and are scrambling to get their mechs back online. They even stopped their digging activities because of that. Most of their mechs and assets are still above ground.
 The scout passed a detailed topographic map of the base to everyone in the attack force. Raella studied it with her own eyes and saw that the pirates circled their grounded carriers as makeshift walls.
 "Are these carriers vulnerable?"
 "No. The ship crews dismantled and hauled away their energy cells. They’re solely running on ship-grade fuel now."
 "A shame, but to be expected. The pirates aren’t that stupid." Kanaan flatly remarked. "Have you identified the leaders?"
 "Yeah. There’s a squad of mechs that look fancier than the rest. They’re probably part of the Dragons of the Void."
 A number of dragon-themed mechs appeared over the projection. The command squad featured a high proportion of swordsman mechs and only included a couple of rifleman mechs for posterity.
 "Damn, these swordsman mechs look slippery. It will be hard to pin them down, let alone blow up their energy cells."
 After projecting the elite mechs, the scout also showed off some of the regular pirate mechs. "The rest of the pirate models are typical low-tier mechs. They’re very diverse, but they’re all crappy to an extent."
 "What about fixed defenses? Do we have to worry about turrets and such?"
 "Oh, they erected a couple of turrets, but as far as I’m aware of, they still run on their own energy cells. Focus at the base of the turrets if you want to pop those cells."
 "Noted. Anything else we should know?"
 "Yeah. Those ship-grade energy cells I just mentioned? The pirates chucked them to the other side of that mountain over there. I got a marksman stationed far away but with a direct line of sight of that pile."
 "You’re not thinking of..."
 "Oh yeah, let’s say we blow it up."
 Everyone grinned at that suggestion. Pirates had never been very smart, and these ones seem dimmer than usual for dumping all of their excess energy cells in the same place. Even if the cells had been dumped a couple of kilometers away, the magnitude of the explosion should be unlike anything they had ever seen before.
 Kanaan formed a quick adjustment to the plan. "Alright men, let’s do it like this. Instead of surrounding the base from all sides, we’ll be waiting behind those low hills on the opposite side of the big bang. That should shelter our mechs enough from the blast."
 Once the massive explosion ran its course, the Blood Claws and their subordinate forces would rise up from the hills and shoot at the disoriented pirates. However, Kanaan didn’t want to let the melee mechs like Raella’s Sliverath go forth.
 "It’s too easy for mechs to clump up this way. It only takes one suicidal pirate to decide he wants to take his opponent with him to the grave. Stay with the ranged mechs and guard them against any incoming pirates."
 With the plan set, the attack force moved to their new coordinates. Even though they tried to hide their maneuvers, somehow the pirates got wind of their presence. Alarms sounded out in their comm channels, alerted them of an imminent attack.
 "No time! Everyone, hug the ground! Scouts, blow up the energy cells!"
 A fair distance away, a single high-intensity laser beam struck the sturdy energy cells stacked up in a mound. The laser bore through the strengthened shell of the ship-grade energy cell and proceeded to excite the overcharged energy within.
 BOOOOOOOOM!
 The chain reaction happened almost instantly after the first energy cell blew up. All of the explosions melded into a single overwhelming discharge that vaporized the nearby terrain and caused a hefty localized earthquake.
 The pirates lost their footing due to the enormous blast. Lots of mechs fell over due to the instability. Only the Blood Claws remained stable as they already huddled their mechs on all fours.
 "Attack!" Kanaan ordered.
 The rifleman and cannoneer mechs crested behind the hills and began to chew through the ships in their way. They made quick progress as they each focused on a couple of points. The combination of lasers, explosive shells and kinetic projectiles made quick work of the vulnerable hulls.
 "The pirates are recovering!" A scout reported. "The enemy command squad are kicking the pirate mechs back to their feet!"
 By the time the Blood Claws chewed through a single carrier, the command squad gathered over fifty mechs, with more enemies joining in at any moment.
 "Hold position and continue firing!"
 The Blood Claws faced more obstacles as the pirates erected a lot of mobile cover blocks. They consisted of cheap, bulky alloys that provided enough cover to protect a pair of mechs.
 Neither side gained the advantage at the start, though the mechs fighting for the Blood Claws succeeded in killing a couple of pirate mechs that had been slow to recover. The incidental explosions from those mechs set back any attempts by the pirates to organize into a cohesive defense.
 While they destroyed over twenty pirate mechs, the base held a lot more mechs than that. Even if some of them didn’t function due to their safeguards, the pirates could still muster more than two-hundred-and-fifty mechs.
 One of the dragon mechs organized a loose formation of a little less than a hundred melee mechs. Once they gathered up, they stormed out of the base in an oversized wave that stretches for several kilometers.
 "Melee mechs, get ready! Remember, whatever you do, don’t focus on their energy cells and keep your ejection trigger at hand. Don’t hesitate to eject if you think your energy cells will be breached!"
 Both sides met just over the hills in an awkward collision. As if agreed beforehand, neither the pirates nor the Blood Claws clumped up too much. The clash turned into a series of duels as each mech only faced a single opponent at a time.
 "This is more like it." Raella grinned as her Sliverath unsheathed a pair of straight knives. Her mech danced forward, carrying with it her eagerness to gut her first pirate mech. "Come on! Let’s see if you have what it takes!"
 The pirate mech in front of her wielded a spear in one hand and a pistol in the other. While the pistol shot some miniature shells that scratched the Sliverath’s coating, it hardly achieved anything else.
 Raella outright ignored the pistol and deflected the incoming thrust of the swear by crossing the Sliverath’s knives.
 "Too weak!"
 The spearman mech looked old and rusty. Its performance simply couldn’t match a modern advanced mech like the Sliverath. She deftly curved her mech around her opponent and stabbed her knives into the upper back.
 The knives peeled away the rear armor. Raella wanted to take out her opponent in one move, but her mech lacked the strength to dig in deeper.
 "Damn, I forgot this isn’t the Vectrix!"
 Her Vectrix would have crippled her opponent’s mech in a single strike. Raella hastily recovered from her blunder by moving away before darting back in again. She easily deflected the next one-armed spear stab before she slunk a knife into the rear internals of the pirate mech.
 This time, the mech collapsed, having lost all of its power. Raella didn’t stick around and moved her Sliverath away. She didn’t want to stick around in case the pilot decided to self-destruct his disabled mech.
 She aided an allied mech that looked to be in bad shape. The swordsman mech it faced possessed actual skill. Yet Raella made short work of the threat by outmaneuvering the slower mech. Again, she disabled the mech by stabbing it from the stab.
 "These pirates are worse than amateur duelists!"
 His cousins always warned her not to underestimate an actual battlefield. Raella had to admit they had a point when it came to the Vesia Kingdom’s Mech Legion, but these pirates fought like trash.
 Once she found her rhythm, Raella easily disabled the pirate mechs left and right. She achieved most of her results by teaming up with a fellow Blood Claw mech. Skirmishers like the Sliverath achieved the best results if their opponents had already been locked into combat with their opponents.
 To the side, Raella absently noted that another mech copied the same strategy as hers. She recognized the distinctive black look of her cousin’s Blackbeak mech. She sneered at the sight.
 "I don’t need a babysitter. You shouldn’t have come here, Ves."
 She ignored the black mech that followed in her Sliverath’s footsteps and brought her mech to her next victim.
 Over time, the hundred pirate mechs lost a third of their numbers. The difference in quality and he lack of preparation pressed the pirate mechs further away from the vulnerable ranged mechs.
 Up to this point, none of the mechs had exploded as of yet. That changed when a rifleman mech bearing the emblem of the Dragons of the Void shot at an immobilized pirate mech.
 It blew up, shaking the nearby mechs away from the center of the blast. Both the pirates and the Blood Claws scratched their head at the action. Didn’t they worry about friendly fire?
 Evidently, the rifleman mech thew common sense out of the window and continued to shoot at the downed mechs, all of which presented easy targets to an experienced rifleman mech pilot. Explosion after explosion erupted on the hills.
 At least the Blood Claws already prepared for such a spiteful act. They always fought a healthy distance from the inner radius of any downed mech. This diminished the effectiveness of this tactic.
 The Dragons of the Void changed tack. They issued a command that drove the surviving pirates mad. Somehow, they all went berserk.
 "I’m in trouble!"
 "Did they all take stimulants or something? They’re fighting to the death!"
 "AAhhhhh! Save me!"
 They suffered their first casualty soon after the sudden change. A knight mech got surrounded by two sword-wielding pirates. The defensive knight lacked the speed to fend off both mechs.
 One of the pirates deliberately chipped away at the energy cells stored underneath its thinner rear armor. Once the pirate struck the energy cells, they both turned into conflagrations that further disarrayed the mechs around them and even crippled the other pirate mech.
 "They’re suicidal!"
 "Calm down!" Kanaan roared over the channel. "Ranged mechs, suppress the pirate rifleman mechs. Don’t let them set off any more mechs. Everyone else, don’t hesitate to eject! If the pirates are eager to blow themselves up, then let’s oblige them!"
 Kanaan’s words stabilized the Blood Claws pilot who had been wavering in their resolve. While it was dishonorable to eject too soon, the changes the Glowing Planet imposed on their mechs left them with little choice. They’d rather lose a mech and save a pilot than lose both of them for a needless cause.
 Mechs continued to explode left and right, but the Blood Claws always ejected from their mechs in a timely manner. Once the threat of mutual destruction had been taken away, the pirates fell behind, as their reckless offensive turned them into mindless savages that only knew how to attack in a straightforward way.
 Raella felt like she had the time of her life. Her nimble Sliverath easily coursed through the pirate formation and harassed them from the rear. Often times, she aborted her attacks and spun away, which distracted her targets and even prompted a couple of them to hit their self-destruct buttons prematurely.
 "Hahahaha!" She laughed as she just finished toying with another mech who blew himself up for no reason. "Is this all you’ve got!?"
 "No."
 A swordsman mech almost struck the Sliverath. Only Raella’s keen reflexes allowed her to juke her mech away at the last moment. She turned her sensors and gazed at the mech that almost cut off her mech and cursed.
 She faced one of the elites this time. The command squad joined their suicidal subordinates and shored up their dwindling numbers. Raella happened to have the bad luck to draw the personal attention of one of those mechs.
 "What’s your name?"
 "You can call me Takeru. And who might you be, milady?"
 "Raella Larkinson."
 The two mechs stood opposite of each other for a couple of seconds. Eventually, Raella made the first move. Her instincts as a mech athlete screamed at her to make the first move since she piloted the lighter mech.
 The Sliverath slithered forth in an undulating trajectory that had been this model’s hallmark. It didn’t offer as much speed as the Vectrix, but it made up for it in flexibility.
 Raella cautiously jabbed forward with a knife, only to get deflected by a powerful counter-strike that continued to chop at the Sliverath’s head.
 Fortunately, the skirmisher mech easily contorted its frame out of the path of the sword. Raella struck with her other knife, leaving behind a shallow nick on the arm.
 "Damnit, what is your mech made of?"
 The Slitherath didn’t feature any compressed armor, but the mech piloted by her opponent evidently did. This placed a significant burden on her as the Slitherath had to target the same areas over and over to penetrate the tough compressed armor plating.
 The dragon mech’s pilot was no slouch either. Takeru showed an unprecedented level of mastery in swordsmanship as the dragon mech wielded its sword in both hands with powerful, sweeping strokes.
 The speed and power behind each strike left little openings for Raella to exploit despite piloting the faster mech. Takeru ruthlessly took over her momentum and pressed the Sliverath back again and again.
 "What the hell are you?! You’re not a regular pirate!"
 "You are way too green to know how real pirates fight. Let me show you the might of the dragons!"
 The swordsman mech unleashed a flurry of continuous blows that left the Sliverath flustered. Both her knives kept being knocked back by the power of the rapid swirling sword strikes. As the Sliverath braced itself for another chop, the dragon mech suddenly lashed out with a kick which ruined its balance.
 The sword chopped forth and struck an ugly rent in the Sliverath’s chest. Only Raella’s quick decision to go with the fall had saved her mech from being chopped apart by the shoulder.
 A couple of long-ranged lasers struck the swordsman mech, but they did little but annoy it. Dietrich sporadically fired his rifle at Takeru’s mech, but the angle and all of the other mechs in the way made it difficult for him to suppress the elite mech.
 "Hold on, Raella! Help is on the way! My buddy Fadah will buy some time for you to retreat."
 She didn’t want to turn her back on this opponent. Even though Takeru outclassed her in both skill and mech, Raella wanted to prove herself as a warrior. Picking off those weak pirates didn’t cut it for her.
 Before the dragon mech unleashed another attack, a second mech struck it from behind, forcing Takeru to abort his attack. A slim moon-shaped phoenix shield slammed into the dragon mech’s sword. The impact pushed the pirate mech away and allowed the Blackbeak to position itself in front of the damaged Sliverath.
 "Raella, right? Your mech is in bad shape. You’re in no shape to fight any further. I’ll hold this bastard off for you!"
 "No!" Raella growled, and tested the responsiveness of her mech. "I can still fight! Let’s take him down together!"
 Her left arm had lost most of its motive power. The damage to the shoulder had been too severe. Raella gave up on the limb and focused solely on using the Sliverath’s right arm to deliver her attacks.
 If her mech was in better shape, she would have insisted on taking on the elite mech alone, even though the odds of victory was low. Teaming up with Fadah had already pressed against her limits.
 The Blackbeak mech shrugged and turned around to face the swordsman mech with its sword and shield. As a slimmed down offensive knight, the Blackbeak wouldn’t fare well if it engaged in a straightforward slugging match against the pirate mech. Much like the Sliverath, the modified Blackbeak began to approach the dragon mech in a zig-zag and at an angle.
 Fadah unleashed a couple of probing strikes, but Takeru aggressively deflected the attacks. He proved to be well-versed in dealing with faster mechs.
 Once Takeru got the measure of the Blackbeak, his dragon mech surged forward and went on the offensive. Fadah had to rely on his shield to block most of the blows.
 Before the dragon mech could press the Blackbeak further, the Slitherath quietly appeared from behind and tried to stab the dragon mech’s vulnerable rear.
 "Did you think I was blind? Your intentions are too transparent!"
 The dragon mech spun his sword in a spin that deflected the Blackbeak away and left another dangerous rent in the Sliverath’s chest. Raella’s reflexes saved her mech again, if barely.
 "Go away!"
 "Screw you, doghead! I’m taking this bastard down!"
 Both Raella and Fadah found themselves in a tentative uncoordinated dance against the indomitable Takeru. His dragon mech’s specs exceeded the Blackbeak by a fair margin, though it still ran on energy cells so it was vulnerable to the same risks as the other machines that ran on the same source of energy.
 This enabled the pair to exploit this weakness by constantly threatening to attack the rear of the dragon mech. Even if Takeru didn’t think much of Raella, he still had to shift his attention to deflect her latest probe.
 Dietrich tried to lend a hand but he never got a clear line of sight. The pirates had finally gotten their act together and sent out additional mechs to shore up the first wave of melee mechs.
 Despite the precautions taken by the Blood Claws, mechs continued to explode in a disturbingly regular interval. Kanaan had largely lost control over his men as everyone fought for themselves.
 Only the ranged mechs maintained some sense of order as they coordinated their attacks on isolated enemies. They didn’t dare fire their weapons into the middle of the grand melee for fear of setting off a chain reaction.
 Unfortunately, the pirates didn’t hold as much scruples and constantly tried to aggravate the situation. This in turn forced the Blood Claws to allocate all of their ranged mechs to suppression duty. The pirate marksmen shouldn’t be allowed to set off any energy cells with impunity.
 Takeru’s dragon mech suffered a few more nicks and scratches after a minute of back and forth. Despite being outnumbered, the pirate elite possessed enough skill to fend off both of its opponents at once.
 "Hahahaha! Amateurs! Both your blades are dull! Without tempering your skill through life-and-death battles, how can you call yourself a mech pilot!"
 "Shut up you criminal!" Raella roared as she pushed her anger into her damaged mech, willing it to slide the knife in the waist of the dragon mech. She completely forgot about the precarious risk of setting off an energy cell.
 The pirate mech spun away in the nick of time. Takeru even left another sword mark on the Blackbeak’s chest armor.
 Fortunately, the Veltrex armor system held up decently well against the power of the dragon mech’s sword strikes. For all of its speed and elegance, it relied mostly on technique and momentum for its bite. By pressuring Takeru from two directions, they prevented him from building up sufficient momentum for a heavy blow.
 Fadah gained more confidence and started to regain some of the initiative. He didn’t allow his opponent to wind up for one of his endless flurry of blows by making frequent but shallow attacks. He even struck with the edge of his phoenix shield to knock the dragon mech out of balance.
 Takeru’s mech started to suffer. Even Raella managed to sneak some superficial stabs in between the pirate’s occupation with the Blackbeak. Takeru had to devote more and more attention to fending off Fadah’s frequent attacks.
 At some point, Fadah felt something deep within him echo with the Blackbeak he piloted. Their connection somehow crystallized in a deeper form of synchronization. The line between man and machine started to blur, but only for an instant.
 Fadah made his move in that brief window of opportunity.
 The Blackbeak surged forth at the swordsman mech’s left flank. Takeru released a windmill chop that would have forced the Blackbeak to block with its shield. Instead of taking the chop head-on, Fadah angled the shield in a way that put the brunt of the force on the rim of the shield.
 This gave his Blackbeak enough of a push to swivel around and put more strength into its stab. Fadah’s sword sunk into the dragon mech’s joints. The thin, flexible plates of compressed armor only blunted half of the force in the stab. The remaining power proved to be sufficient to disable the joint between the arm and the shoulder.
 "NO!"
 Takeru’s mech lost a significant amount of threat after Fadah succeeded in disabling one of its arm. Even though the dragon mech continued to put up a good fight with one arm, the mech obviously lacked a lot of power compared to before.
 This allowed Fadah to be more unscrupulous with his attacks. The Blackbeak’s sword and shield started to hammer the tough exterior of the dragon mech. In contrast, Takeru could barely bite into the Blackbeak’s Veltrex armor with his feeble sword strikes.
 It didn’t help that Fadah decided to stick his mech close to his opponent’s machine. The shortened distance proved ideal for the Blackbeak to attack with its one-handed sword.
 The dragon mech meanwhile couldn’t leverage enough distance to enable its longer sword to exert its full power.
 CLANG!
 The swordsman mech shuddered as Fadah shaved off an important armor plate from the dragon’s mech chest. Its internals became exposed.
 SHUNK!
 At the same time, Raella took advantage of Takeru’s shock by stabbing the Sliverath’s sole knife into the shoulder blade of the dragon’s mechs sole functioning arm. While her knife didn’t manage to cripple the arm, the damage it inflicted had severed a couple of minor systems, which reduced the pirate mech’s responsiveness.
 "I will not fall on this cursed planet!"
 "Oh shut up you pirate!"
 Both Raella and Fadah went for the killing blow. The Blackbeak locked the dragon mech’s sword with its shield while ramming the tip of its sword into the exposed chest of its opponent. Raella meanwhile positioned the Sliverath low to the ground and sunk the knife into the dragon mech’s knee.
 Takeru’s mech lost its footing and much of its power. It fell down onto face.
 "Get away!" Dietrich yelled. He’d always been keeping an eye on their duel as he fired his laser rifle in support of other Blood Claws. "He’s going to blow!"
 Both mechs retreated in an instant, already bracing themselves for the inevitable blow.
 Yet instead of an explosion, the dragon mech’s cockpit ejected from the rear. Its powerful short-ranged boosters took away Takeru away from the battle and back to the besieged pirate encampment.
 "Damnit! He got away!"
 Even though the escape spoiled some of the glory, Raella still felt good about winning against her first formidable opponent. She didn’t mind too much that she needed help.
 "Thanks for the help, dude. Let’s go clean up the rest."
 The fall of an influential pirate elite rippled throughout the rest of the pirate faction. Despite their fanaticism, the rest of the pirates couldn’t withstand the determined Blood Claws.
 Even the command squad from the Dragons of the Void suffered casualties and Raella and Fadah teamed up to dismantle them one by one. This time, they didn’t let their pilots eject. They both aimed to take out the cockpit from the start.
 After half an hour of intensive battle, the Blood Claws won the melee, though it cost them half of their melee mechs.
 The Blood Claws and their subordinate forces lost too many mechs from a single engagement. Even though the pirates put up a decent fight, the battle shouldn’t have been so deadly to their mechs and pilots.
 Ordinarily, mechs could soak a lot of damage. Even uncompressed mechs outperformed conventional tanks due to their mobility which allowed them to dodge or mitigate a lot of incoming attacks.
 "It’s this overcharge nonsense." Kanaan uttered as he saw the devastation in front of him. A field of craters and broken parts had been strewn before the pirate base that his men heaped their vengeance upon right now. "Any battle besides an ambush will result in a pyrrhic victory for whoever’s left."
 A few of the senior Blood Claws by his side nodded. "Our steeds have become our worst enemies."
 "It’s too difficult to guard your energy cells in a larger battle."
 "We’ll be turning our pilots into cowards if we allow them to eject too early."
 "Mechs have turned into fragile scrap. Even the Mech Corps will run out of mechs by the end of the month at this rate."
 Their first actual battle had taught them a lot of lessons on the devastating consequences of the overcharge phenomenon. A single change to the functioning of an energy cell had resulted in far-reaching effects for any force that fielded mechs.
 The Blood Claws completely lost their appetite for further battles. None of the men found any glory to be had in the grueling fight they had just concluded. If they hadn’t been compelled to attack the base by the 4th Bentheim Division, they would have never ranged this far from their walls.
 "Alright, let’s wrap it up here. Rescue any mech pilots that are trapped and finish off any pirates that are still alive except for the leaders. Have you gotten a hold of Takeru and the rest of the Dragons of the Void?"
 "They ran away. They still hid a small corvette in between their carriers which lifted off out of sight behind that hill over there."
 "Damn!"
 Even if they stomped a dangerous forward outpost, thus reducing the threat to their base, Kanaan still felt sore about the losses.
 Over the next days, the news trickled back to the Mech Corps and their affiliate powers. The Whalers especially took the news with a gut punch, because they lost six mechs and four pilots. Proportionally, they suffered the worst casualties out of the outfits that took part in the assault.
 This time, the Whalers hadn’t been able to drink their gloom away.
 Ves quietly shook his head as he finished modifying the umpteenth mech. He developed an efficient routine that allowed him to come up with some basic modifications on the fly and implement them into the cheap mechs in three hours or less.
 He had to cut a lot of corners in order to achieve this speed, but Ves succeeded in overhauling every mech in the hands of the Whalers within a week.
 "I can’t waste too much time in this base. The Whalers will be fine without me once I find a solution to the overcharge phenomenon."
 Ves had devoted some of his off-time to researching what the Glowing Planet did to achieve this bizarre phenomenon. His current hypothesis was that some energetic exotic mineral emitted an all-pervasive energy field that changed the properties of stored energy.
 The worst trait about the energy field was that it couldn’t be blocked by anything. To test this out, Ves repurposed some tons of scrap and built a thick enclosure around a freshly drained and recharged energy cell.
 The cell still gained an overcharge after a day.
 If Ves couldn’t prevent the field from affecting an energy cell surrounded by meters of alloys, then nothing else but some other exotic alloy would be able to block the energy field. The problem was that Ves had no clue what kind of exotics would qualify.
 Walter’s Whalers accumulated more than fifty different minerals from their mining activities over two locations.
 The old site contained more active and more valuable minerals, but none seemed to possess any special interaction with energy.
 As for the new site, it contained an entirely different mix of exotics, but again nothing seemed to stand out to Ves.
 Perhaps some of these exotics held the key to solving the problem, but it would take too much time to probe each type of mineral. Ves needed a faster, surer solution than a gamble with exotics.
 Through his casual studies and experimentation, Ves developed a number of approaches on how to tackle the problem.
 He could invest in his Physics Sub-Skills and become more knowledgeable in the abstract fields of energy.
 He could invest in Metallurgy and reinvigorate his research on exotics in order to come up with a new exotic alloy that might be able to influence the mysterious energy field.
 He could also throw a Hail Mary and acquire some eclectic Sub-Skills from the Metaphysics tree. Perhaps a deeper understanding into the imaginary would be needed to fight against the unknown.
 After lengthy contemplation, he rejected these approaches. All of them strayed too far from his core competence as a mech designer.
 "I’m a mech designer, not a scientist. There’s a difference between the two."
 The former took the tools at hand and combined them in a way that solved the problem at hand. The latter wasn’t content with the tools already available, and sought to explore new methods.
 Neither approach was wrong. Both had the potential to come up with an effective solution to the overcharge phenomenon, and Ves had to take the approach that fit him best.
 "Let’s try it from an mech designer and engineering standpoint."
 Ves called up a design for a typical energy cell.
 Their design didn’t differ too much from brand to brand. Protective materials and safeguards took up around twenty percent of its volume.
 The most important part of an energy cell lay in the patterns and arrays that stored the actual energy. The cheaper cells used mundane alloys while the more expensive ones incorporated exotic resources that drastically increased their maximum capacity.
 As far as Ves was aware, the overcharge phenomenon didn’t discriminate between materials. Both cheap and expensive cells suffered from the same problem, though with slight differences in magnitude.
 Another correlation he found was that certain structures resulted in a less drastic overcharge than other structures.
 Ves focused on the latter for a possible solution. "If I can play with this structure, I might be able to achieve a drastic difference."
 He figured that most scientists and mech designers that had tagged along with the forces here would focus on the materials instead. With the abundant amount of exotics dug from the ground, they may be able to figure out an effective new alloy that could mitigate the phenomenon.
 From the moment they heard about the Glowing Planet, the Mech Corps would have certainly brought along a lot of specialists who dedicated their lives to understanding exotics.
 In contrast, they probably didn’t think of bringing any mech designers or engineers who specialized in energy cells. In truth, much of the innovation with regards to energy cells had been kept in the hands of the large trans-galactic corporations.
 Hardly any mech designers decided to specialize in something as boring as energy cells. They’d rather license an affordable ready-made design. After all, specializing in other components yielded easier performance gains and saved them a lot of money in licensing costs.
 "What kind of Skills and Sub-Skills do I need to specialize in designing energy cells?"
 The worst part about working on the Glowing Planet was that the Whalers didn’t set up a quantum entanglement node. Neither did the Blood Claws do so for that matter. The Mech Corps forbid any communication with the rest of the galaxy and strictly prohibited the activation of any nodes on the ground.
 Only the Mech Corps themselves enjoyed that privilege.
 "I don’t have the right to access the galactic net from their access points."
 Ves shook his head and decided to explore another way. He returned to his barracks and entered his private bunk. After sealing it up, he activated his Privacy Shield and activated the Mech Designer System before navigating to the Skill Tree.
 "Let’s see what you’ve got."
 With over 50,000 DP to spend, Ves had plenty of points to spend on various Skills and Sub-Skills. The basic ones didn’t take too much DP to unlock.
 "I’m already a Journeyman in Electrical Engineering, but I don’t have a lot of Sub-Skills related to this field."
 To be honest, he hadn’t found a use for that Skill outside of coming up with new internal architectures for his designs. Ves made very little gains in this field ever since he forcibly upgraded it by spending his DP.
 "It’s time to make better use of you."
 He found a couple of related Sub-Skills that sounded relevant to the issue at hand.
 [Energy Storage I]: 400 DP
 [Energy Storage II]: 800 DP
 [Energy Storage III]: 1600 DP
 [Energy Storage IV]: 3200 DP
 Learning these Sub-Skills all at once gave Ves a much deeper understanding on the physical makeup of energy cells.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Ves understood what each safeguard did and how they prevented any shorting or accidental discharge. He knew why mech designers came up with a single size and format of an energy cell.
 He learned the basics of how an cell could pack more energy by using different materials or incorporating them in different structures, alternating between conductors, superconductors, exotic conductors and nonconductive materials.
 "This is a lot."
 He turned from a novice to an amateur expert with regards to energy cells. Previously, Ves treated them like black boxes, something that was independent from his designs and should not be tinkered with. Now that he gained all of this new knowledge, he finally gained the basic confidence to tweak an existing energy cell.
 "It’s not enough to design a new one, however."
 Ves lacked too much of the underlying science and engineering to develop a new energy cell from scratch. Fortunately, that had never been his goal from the start. He didn’t need to reinvent the wheel. He just had to modify an existing one to the point where it stopped acquiring an overcharge.
 New knowledge brought new understanding. Combined with his previous experimentation, be realized how impossible it was for energy cells to hold more charge than they had been designed to store.
 "It’s impossible. It simply doesn’t work that way."
 Yet somehow, it did.
 He shook his head. Ves would get a headache if he kept obsessing about the impossible nature of an overcharged energy cell.
 Now that he received a crash course about energy cells, Ves figured out the kind of Sub-Skills he needed to design or modify different structures.
 [Conductors I]: 1000 DP
 [Conductors II]: 2000 DP
 [Conductors III]: 4000 DP
 Ves gained a much better insight into conductors, superconductors and exotic conductors with this cross-discipline Sub-Skill. It elaborated on the Energy Storage IV by going into detail about the properties of different conductors and how modern energy cell designers squeezed more energy density out of the materials they had at hand.
 "It doesn’t help me too much with finding a solution."
 As far as he knew, regardless of the material, as long as they conducted energy, they all became susceptible to the overcharge phenomenon. It would take a deeper dive into Metallurgy to come up with a conductive material that might be immune to the energy field.
 "That’s not the focus of my research."
 Learning about conductors didn’t just help him design better energy cells. It also benefited his insights on how to design a more efficient internal architecture for mechs. In that regard, he didn’t waste his DP.
 "It’s not that relevant, though."
 Still, he needed it to understand the actual energy storage portion of an energy cell. Combined with his other knowledge, Ves began to see the light.
 Ves hadn’t spent 13,000 DP in vain.
 The Energy Storage IV and Conductors III Sub-Skill provided him with enough of a foundation to take any existing energy cell design and transform it into something else. They also provided him with a promising approach on how to deal with the overcharge phenomenon.
 "The Glowing Planet’s energy field can’t be stopped or blocked. An energy cell will acquire an overcharge whether they’re empty or full. The energy field makes it so that energy cells won’t let physics stand in the way of stuffing themselves full with energy."
 What did this mean?
 "I should just let it happen. The key is to mitigate the problem after it has occurred."
 The simplest and most primitive way would be to drain the overcharge, either by siphoning it elsewhere or by using it up in a rapid fashion.
 "I’m sure someone is already figuring out a way to do that. It’s not very efficient or safe, though."
 Dealing with such a deadly amount of charge risked courting disaster. Any excessive transfers also generated massive amounts of heat and stressed out any components involved. Mechs would require daily maintenance to continue to function this way.
 Such a solution merely exchanged one problem for another.
 Ves wanted to develop a more elegant solution. In order to gain entry into the fortifications erected by the Mech Corps, Ves had to present the brass with a new design that could impress them on the spot.
 "Let’s think about the structure for a moment."
 Pretty much every mech-grade energy cell focused on cramming as much energy as possible inside its standardized volume. The materials and structures used in the cell focused primarily on maximizing their energy density.
 Ves wondered if a structure that prioritized a different goal would be able to achieve a different result. Every energy cell he encountered so far used the same principles to store their energy. They only different in the safeguards and the materials used, leading to a limited variation of structures that basically looked the same from a distance.
 A couple of different ideas flourished in his mind. Ves opened the designer program and spent some time designing alternate energy cell designs using existing ones as the base.
 To put it simply, Ves thought he might find a solution by lowering the energy density of a cell. In essence, he wanted to see whether the overcharge phenomenon could maintain its strength against an energy cells that had been purposefully designed to be bad.
 He only spent half a day to come up with four different designs, which he further split up into cheap and expensive variants.
 Compared to conventional energy cells, these deviations worked a lot less efficiently than others. They generated substantially more waste heat while holding much less charge in total.
 "It’s all well and good to doodle some new designs, but the only way to see if it works is if I fabricate some physical copies."
 Ves left his bunk and went to the nearest workshop. The Whalers brought a cheap 3D printer to this expedition. It was the sole machine that could print new components if their mechs required replacement parts.
 He unconsciously sneered at the sight. The cheap and awful printer had obviously been salvaged from a former production site. Lack of maintenance and overall neglect had degraded the machine to a fairly awful state. The Whalers didn’t even bother using it to fabricate most of their replacement parts, preferring to order new ones from another source.
 "Well, it’s not like I have anything better to work with. Let’s fix her up."
 He performed some superficial maintenance on the machine. The machine probably hadn’t received so much care in a decade. Most of what he did amounted to cleaning the interior and correcting the alignment of any components that had shifted during intensive jobs.
 Ves lacked the expertise to bring the printer back to its prime, not that he had the time to spare in the first place. "This should be enough to work with some precision."
 He didn’t place a lot of demands on the quality of his energy cells. He only wanted some proof of concepts to test out his ideas.
 As some of the simpler components of a mech, the printer didn’t have to strain too much to spit out the energy cells. It only took two hours to fabricate all eight of them. Ves ordered a couple of bots to take them away to an empty underground testing chamber he appropriated from the Whalers.
 While it didn’t matter if they held a charge or not, Ves charged them up to full capacity anyway in order to hurry up the process. After that, he set some automated measuring equipment before leaving the energy cells alone.
 Ves checked up on his experiment every twelve hours.
 The first time he checked in, he raised his eyebrows. Surprisingly enough, one pair of energy cells that shared the same design acquired an overcharge after only several hours.
 "If I want to develop a cheap bomb, then this should be the right direction. It’s a shame no one will want this. It’s too volatile."
 He carefully directed a couple of bots to lift the two cells and take them far away from the base. After that, he made some more adjustments to his rig before he left the chamber.
 Over the course of several days, Ves continued to visit the chamber to inspect his progress. The other pairs of energy cells eventually became affected by the overcharge phenomenon, but different than last time, the problem became much less severe.
 Regular energy cells acquired a charge that varied from three to seven times their initial capacity. In contrast, his experimental designs only acquired a maximum charge of two times its initial capacity.
 Ves chalked it up to the tricks he used to minimize the magnification of the charge. He introduced deliberate inefficiencies to stifle any way the energy field could accomplish its physically impossible effects.
 Some tricks worked better than others. At the end, the final pair of energy cells which incorporated the most radical redesign gained an overcharge of only a hundred-and-thirty percent, which was drastically lower than anything else he’d seen so far. It also took a lot longer for the energy field to affect these cells, as if it couldn’t figure out how to manipulate it in its favor.
 The magnitude of any explosive discharges from these cells would be severely curtailed. Ves virtually eliminated the hazards with this design.
 While Ves should have been happy with the result, he didn’t jump for joy when he ended his test.
 "Why am I only able to achieve the best results with my worst design?"
 The fourth pair of energy cells only carried a third of the energy of their equivalent industry-standard cells. That basically meant that each mech that ran on energy cells had to choose between becoming moving bombs or working with seventy percent less uptime.
 Ves figured that most mech pilots favored the latter. "It’s not that much of a problem to a defensive force. The Mech Corps can fabricate an abundant amount of energy cells and instruct their mech pilots to resupply more often."
 It was a much more tolerable situation than to constantly worry about chain reactions. Even if his so-called undercharged energy cells sustained critical damage, the explosion wouldn’t set off any other cells due to the low magnification and low base charge.
 In fact, mechs would be able to safely and quickly use up the meager amount of excess energy in their normal operations. That largely made up for the pitiful amount of capacity of his undercharged energy cells and extend the running time of any mech.
 His only regret was that he lacked the time to finetune the design of his undercharged energy cells. Ves had already wasted a lot of time with coming up with these new energy cells and the the seventy-day deadline loomed closer every day. He couldn’t afford to perform a second round of research and development.
 While Ves wrapped up his experiments and drew up a report, up in space, the Glowing Zone hosted a lot more fleets than before.
 "Another day, another group of incoming clowns." Ghanso sighed as his mech lazily patrolled the a detachment of carriers positioned to intercept anyone that wanted to make a move on the Mech Corps. "I never knew there were so many rats in the Komodo Star Sector."
 Old Man Alex laughed as his space knight flew beside Ghanso’s Vhedra-S. "We’re right up against the frontier. It’s a given that our star sector is filled with criminals. I’m guessing that at least a quarter of the pirates from the Nyxian Gap have made their way here."
 The amount of pirates that have reached the Glowing Zone had reached a disconcerting level. Many of them organized themselves around major pirate organizations like the Dragons of the Void. Over ten such armadas have already formed and made their way towards the Glowing Planet.
 "Do you think the rumors are true? Are we really going to sign a truce with the Vesians?"
 "We have to." Alex said. "There are too many pirates for us to continue our squabble. Even if we hate each other, we’re not stupid. Any fight to the death will only benefit the scum watching from the side."
 Besides their initial skirmishes, the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion completely gave up any attempt to fob each other off from the Glowing Planet. Too many vultures had gathered to continue their schoolyard spat.
 They would rather allow their principal enemy to benefit from the Glowing Planet than to pave the way for lawless pirates to reap the ultimate rewards. For this, they buried the hatchet.
 "All the armada’s are on the move again. They’ll be here within days."
 "It took them long enough to get their hands on a batch of dimensional smoothers. How are they getting their hands on them? I thought only the government or the Big Two has access to that technology."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "It’s not that much of a surprise if you assume the pirates are backed up by another major power." Ghanso replied. He couldn’t help but add an ominous tone to his voice. "I’ve been thinking about what’s going on lately. Did you ever feel that we’re being stared at by another influence?"
 "Not at all. Who the hell is crazy enough to covet the Komodo Star Sector? Besides our border to the frontier, we’ve got nothing that’s worth a damn. Anyone who’s stirring the pot is probably bored or brain damaged."
 Even if Old Man Alex had a point, Ghanso still couldn’t shake off the idea that the pirates secretly worked for someone else.
 An alert sounded out, prompting Captain Rynsel to issue new orders. "Heads up! Our fleet has detected incoming stealth vessels. They’ve been very sneaky in their approach, but our sensors spotted them out. The Volari Starhawks have been assigned to intercept this unknown fleet."
 "Do we know of their origin, ma’am?"
 "Command is just as clueless as you. It’s likely not the Mech Legion. We already have a fairly complete database on the kind of ships they use. It’s either pirates, mercenaries or foreigners."
 That didn’t reassure Ghanso very much. His Vedra-S fell into formation as the Volari Starhawks flew forward in a very obvious intercept of the unknown fleet.
 This prompted the sneaky bastards to drop their stealth.
 "Detecting fifteen medium-sized carriers! They’re deploying spaceborn mechs! They’re turning around!"
 "Hah! The cowards don’t have the guts to face the Starhawks face to face!"
 "They’re also outnumbered two-to-one. Those stealth carriers don’t hold much capacity. They look awfully advanced, though."
 Captain Rynsel relayed another order. "Pursue! We’ve got the advantage in numbers and they’re still fighting back against their previous forward momentum! This is the only chance we have to catch up to them!"
 The Volari Starhawks descended on the latest fleet of outsiders that attempted to sneak past the Mech Corps. They already destroyed or chased away a half-dozen different fleets. The Mech Corps held the advantage for now, but Ghanso doubted they would be able to hold against the major pirate fleets.
 Time was of the essence. Ves immediately entered the comm center and sent a priority message to the Mech Corps through the hardline connection that ran from the Whalers.
 His message passed on to the Blood Claws, who didn’t dare to delay its transmission in any way given the import of the claims that Ves had made.
 Just a couple of minutes later, Ves received a receipt from the base commander herself. He had to sit tight and wait for transport. They wanted to bring him over to verify his invention with their own eyes.
 Since this might be the last time he’d stick with the Whalers, Ves quickly sought out Walter and filled him in about his breakthrough.
 "You really did it? That’s great news!" Walter laughed and embraced the mech designer in a meaty hug. "We won’t get to blow up anymore!"
 Ves didn’t have the heart to hide the designs for the undercharged energy cells from Walter. He passed the gang leader a secure data chip that contained all of the technical specifications.
 "You can hand that over to any decent mech technician. They’re easy to fabricate but it will take some time before you’re able to replace all of your existing cells."
 At least they solved this pervasive problem. Ves also granted the Whalers an opportunity to butter up to the Blood Claws by presenting the designs to them a little early. The sooner everyone replaced their energy cells, the safer everyone would be.
 Ves and Walter quickly discussed some logistical matters. The Whalers dearly lacked some technical expertise, but this time Walter actually listened to the critique.
 "I’ve been thinking about that as well. Our mechs fared worse than the others in the pirate base assault. We’ve got a lot of shaping up to do. If I hand over your invention to the Blood Claws, I can probably get them to lend us some of their senior technicians. Heavens know we need someone who can take over what you’ve done for us so far."
 They parted with each other on amicable terms. Ves quickly packed his meager luggage and sought out Lucky who’d been digging for exotics near the mines. His gluttonous cat must have eaten tons of the stuff already, but he hadn’t gained any weight at all.
 "You must be chock full of energy right now." Ves grasped hold of his silvery mechanical cat. "We might be moving to the red zone soon. Don’t run around randomly, okay? There’s a whole bunch of military men running around there so you might be spooking them if you’re trespassing into a restricted area."
 "Meow!"
 His cat appeared to look forward to entering the red zone. As for tripping alarms and alerting the guards, Lucky didn’t seem to be worried about that. He only had more exotics in mind.
 Fadah and the rest of the Whalers who raided the pirate base hadn’t returned yet, so Ves couldn’t say goodbye to the inheritor of his Blackbeak in person. Ves composed a quick message and addressed it to Fadah’s comm, which would receive it as soon as it returned to the local network.
 The only complication that remained was that Ves had to leave Melkor and his Stanislaw behind.
 "It’s fine, Ves." Melkor replied as he leaned against the foot of his mech. "The Mech Corps and I aren’t exactly buddies since they cashiered me. It’s best I stay away from their premises in order to avoid any misunderstandings. I’ll stick with the Whalers and try to help out Raella whenever possible."
 Ves felt reassured that Melkor didn’t blame him for bailing out. "That sounds good. Don’t forget the contingency plans. I strongly suspect this base won’t hold against a determined attack. More and more pirates are descending upon the Glowing Planet. It’s going to get awfully crowded soon."
 They both heard the news that trickled down from the Blood Claws. Tens of thousands of ships had appeared in the Glowing Zone. Most of them didn’t seem to acknowledge any authority except for their own. Even Ves could tell that the Mech Corps had no way of holding back the sheer number of pirates on their way to the Glowing Planet.
 They said their goodbyes before Ves left for the landing on the surface in his hazard suit. He only had to wait a couple of minutes before an armored shuttle escorted by a couple of aerial mechs descended on the pad. A uniformed officer appeared from the hatch.
 "Mr. Larkinson, please step inside. Do you have the samples?"
 "They’re over there." Ves pointed at the bots holding the pair of energy cells that fared best in his previous test. "I’ve already drained their charge, but it’s best to handle them with care."
 The shuttle sent out their own set of bots who grabbed hold of the samples with extreme care. They carefully placed the cells into purpose-built boxes before closing them up with an abundance of locks.
 Once Ves and Lucky stepped inside and the boxes had been stowed away into the shuttle’s cargo compartment, the shuttle lifted off.
 Neither the officer nor the guards appeared talkative, so Ves remained in his seat and stroked his apprehensive gem cat. Lucky must be feeling apprehensive at being stuck inside a shuttle full of armed guards and countermeasures. It became clear to Ves that the Mech Corps treated his invention with utmost importance.
 It didn’t take too long for the shuttle to arrive at the center of the sprawling fortification in the middle of the red zone. The closer they got to the center, the more Ves become more uncomfortable.
 "Over thirteen energy fields are being projected from the red zone." The officer commented when he noticed Ves having trouble keeping himself together. "As far as we’re aware of, they have minimal effects on human physiology, but it will take some time to get used to them. The side effects will fade within a day."
 Somehow, Ves didn’t think the regular rules applied to him. His main source of discomfort came from his recently-diminished internal energy cycle. For some reason, something underground exerted an attraction on the energy. Like a magnet pulling metals from their place, Ves found that the unknown attraction field attempted to pull his internal energy away from his chest.
 It hurt quite a lot.
 He groaned a bit and tried to flex his body to cope with the changes. His energy cycle had become deformed, and it took quite a bit of effort for his body to get used to the new configuration.
 "I’m okay." Ves waved away the officer when he approached to lend a hand. "I’m not a baseline human. My enhancements are going a little haywire from the energy fields."
 "You should visit the medbay."
 "It’s okay. Let’s get my meeting with the base commander out of the way first. I don’t think she’s patient enough to wait for me to recover."
 An entire squad of armed guards took away the boxes that contained the undercharged energy cells. Meanwhile Ves received his own honor guard who firmly but briskly led him down to the underground city the Mech Corps had dug up with their advanced mining equipment.
 The base was a veritable hive of activity. The Mech Corps constantly shifted men and mechs back and forth. Even though the overcharge phenomenon had turned every mech into a deathtrap, their pilots hadn’t been deterred from doing their duty at all. Ves missed this sense of professionalism. The Whalers looked like toddlers in comparison.
 The officer led Ves straight through a series of elevators before leading him to a command center which coordinated the Republic’s presence on the Glowing Planet. Ves only got a tiny glimpse of the projection with the disposition of every force before they reached a guarded checkpoint before the office of the base commander.
 Once Ves got scanned yet again, he was allowed entry, though he had to leave Lucky behind again.
 "Remember, don’t crawl off, Lucky. Stay."
 After he made sure that Lucky understood the import of staying in place, Ves walked through the hatch and took a seat in front of a simple alloy desk.
 The base commander appeared to be a typical veteran from the Mech Corps. The woman looked hard and she didn’t bother to apply any cosmetic procedures to work away the wrinkles she gained from reaching middle age. Her short black hair had been bound up in a ball, thereby exposing Ves to the base commander’s piercing eyes.
 "Mr. Larkinson. It’s not every day I see one out of uniform. It’s a pleasure to meet you."
 "Likewise, Colonel Ilos."
 "When I heard you developed a special set of energy cells that claim to mitigate the overcharge phenomenon, I couldn’t believe how fast you came up with them. The full weight of the Mech Corps has bent around the problem for weeks. We’ve put entire research teams on the issue and we’ve even contracted half-a-dozen different energy cell developers to present us with a better solution. You cannot imagine the amount of resources we’ve devoted to coming up with a solution."
 Ves was very surprised to hear how much effort the Mech Corps put into their own research. "Has it paid off, then? Did you already develop a better solution?"
 "Not... exactly." The Colonel admitted freely. "Efficiency has been low due to the relative lack of expertise among our own research teams. As for the developers, they’re constrained by the fact that they have only heard about the problem second-hand. They claim that the overcharge phenomenon is such an impossible occurrence that they’re having difficulty figuring out a direction for a viable solution."
 It sounded like the energy cell developers might have other concerns in mind. Perhaps they planned on dragging their feet, thereby extracting more concessions from the Mech Corps.
 Maybe they even signed a secret agreement with some other faction like the Vesia Kingdom’s Mech Legion.
 Ves was curious about the progress they had made so far. "What’s the best solution your researchers have come up with?"
 Colonel Ilos handed him a data pad that contained a classified document of a different energy cell design. Unlike the design formed by Ves, this one adopted the same conventional structure for the energy storage portion. The only difference was that the various conductors consisted of newly developed alloys formed out of exotics extracted from the ground.
 "As you can see, our researchers suspect that one or more of the exotics underneath the red zone is responsible for the overcharge energy field. By incorporating these suspect exotics into our energy cells, they believe that they can block or interfere with this energy field."
 "Looks like your research teams are onto something. It’s pretty impressive to limit the overcharge to two-hundred percent of max capacity."
 "That’s not as impressive as reducing it to a hundred-and-thirty percent. Even if your energy cell design is under capacity, at least my pilots won’t be having nightmares about piloting death traps anymore."
 An energy cell that contained twice as much energy still risked being blown up. With the amount of charge such a cell normally stormed, the explosive discharge would have definitely been powerful enough to set off any other energy cells in the vicinity. What the Mech Corps had produced up to this point wouldn’t be sufficient to negate the problem.
 Only Ves had accomplished the goal that every research team assigned to the problem had been trying to figure out. While he didn’t doubt that the energy cell developers would have come up with a similar solution, even a week’s delay could lead to another disaster on the battlefield.
 The next wave of pirates and fortune seekers were about to descend on the increasingly crowded Glowing Planet. Battle could not be avoided any longer. The sooner the Mech Corps switched their energy cells, the faster they regained their confidence.
 "As you know, I didn’t present you with these energy cells for free." Ves laid out his intentions. "Can you grant me a couple of favors?"
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The colonel considered his request. "We can’t promise you anything, but I’ll do my best to satisfy your wishes."
 So far, Colonel Ilos had been remarkably friendly to Ves. He chalked it up to offering up his energy cell design upfront without any delays. That action alone bought him a lot of good will.
 Still, Ves sensed his family name helped a lot as well. Some people in the Mech Corps respected any Larkinson by their lineage alone, while others hated their family to the bones. Colonel Ilos probably fell into the former group, which happened to be very convenient at this moment.
 "You see, I have a couple of things in mind, ma’am."
 Ves didn’t dare be too greedy in his demands. He started with the most critical and important request. "I’d like to be a part of the mining expedition that seeks to extract the resources buried close to the core of the planet."
 As soon as he mentioned the core, Colonel Ilos turned sharp. She completely shed her friendly expression. "Where did you hear about our deep mining operations?"
 "I’ve been assigned to retrieve something valuable from the core." Ves quickly responded. "As you know, I’m apprenticed to Master Carmin Olson, who’s currently a guest professor of the Leemar Institute of Technology. As her subordinate, I’m sometimes called to take care of business on her organization’s behalf."
 What he said was all true, but Ves deliberately mixed his actual meaning. His first sentence about being assigned to retrieve an ore from the core of the planet had been true, but he didn’t explicitly state that he received this mission from the System.
 What he said after that had no relations with what he said earlier, but by stringing these two sentences together, he weaved the illusion that Master Olson had actually given him this assignment.
 Ves had become increasingly more adept to cover for the System and lie in a way that wouldn’t trip any lie detectors hidden in the colonel’s office.
 "If it’s behalf of an eminent Master Mech Designer, then I’m sure we can accommodate our request." The woman nodded with some reluctance. "As you know, the Glowing Planet is an exceedingly rare product of the galaxy. According to past records that none but the most highly placed individuals have access to, the core of such planets often hide great wonders."
 "I’m aware of the value buried deep underneath." Ves nodded sagely, though he actually didn’t have a clue. He just ran with his speculations in order to appear more authoritative on the subject and deflect any suspicions. "My master has only requested for me to retrieve a hand-sized sample of the only ore that matters. I hope that isn’t too much to ask."
 The colonel looked fairly troubled. "It might take some time as we’ll probably encounter grains at first. It’s a shame we don’t have the time to excavate the entire treasure before the Coalition and the Hegemony descends on this planet. We might have to accelerate our digging operations to fulfill your master’s demand."
 It sounded like Ves demanded something really big. Some exotics held a lot of value if they came in a larger chunk. It seemed this mineral from the core of the planet must hold an exceptional amount of value as a result.
 Ves relayed some other favors, though he certainly restrained his greed this time. He mainly requested free passage through the non-restricted areas of the base and gain permission for Lucky to roam around independently in these same regions as well.
 "There’s no reason for your mechanical pet to depart from your side." Ilos responded to the last point. "Your pet is already a security risk when you brought it here. I can tell it’s an advanced machine, so I’m willing to give it the benefit of the doubt and allow it to stay by your side. I will not grant it permission to roam the base without your supervision."
 "That’s fair. Thank you for allowing my pet to stay with me. He’s something of my bodyguard as well."
 He couldn’t hide Lucky’s deadly armament from the Mech Corps. Not only did Lucky possess a record of killing pirates, his cat didn’t appear too different from the deadly bodyguard pets assigned to little boys and girls. Though these pets always risked being hacked, it wasn’t a big concern in a hugely advanced first-rate superstate.
 Ilos even showed signs of envy that Ves owned a pet that looked like it had been shipped straight from the New Rubarth Empire.
 Ves didn’t retain enough leverage to demand more concessions from the base. Colonel Ilos had already indulged him enough and he didn’t wish to waste his remaining goodwill. He only asked for a slightly higher security clearance and to be kept informed about the development of better energy cells.
 "I think that’s enough for today." The colonel wrapped up the meeting. "My men will show you to your bunk where you can stow your luggage. You’re free to roam the non-restricted areas of the base such as the mess hall, but you’re not allowed to enter the workshops or mech stables and disturb the technicians at work."
 "I understand." Ves hadn’t been drafted yet. As a civilian, Ves had no right to butt in and tell the mech technicians how to do their work. He wasn’t even allowed to study the predominant designs the 4th Bentheim Division currently employed. "Do I have permission to enter the labs where the new energy cells are being developed?"
 "Only if you receive permission from the lab."
 In other words, not likely. Ves had upstaged all of those research departments, after all. They must be cursing his name under their breaths right now.
 Ves left the base commander’s office after that. After retrieving Lucky, another officer led him upwards to a less restricted part of the underground complex.
 "We’ve sent a partial map of this base to your comm. You should be able to find your bunk on your own. Do you have any more questions?"
 "Yeah. Am I allowed to step outside?"
 "No. For security reasons, you are only permitted to remain underground. The only personnel allowed above ground are mechs."
 Ves nodded and left for his bunk. After reaching it, he dropped off his luggage before dropping to his bed. All the while, he continued to hold on to Lucky, though his cat appeared rather grumpy at this moment.
 "Hey, don’t blame me. The Mech Corps can be rather high strung about security risks. Tell you what. When I visit the deep mining expedition tomorrow, I’ll see if I can get you something yummy. The mining operation must be yielding a lot of ores if it’s aiming to reach the core of the planet."
 "Meow." Lucky brushed his head against his chin.
 Even with the technology the Mech Corps had at their disposal, it wasn’t easy to bore down towards the center of a planet. That didn’t even take into account the complications of burrowing through layers and layers of exotics, each of which could set off a deadly accident.
 The base still needed to process his permissions, so he couldn’t visit the mining operations right now. Ves left his bunk and roamed around the corridors, trying to get a first-hand impression of the famed and renowned Mech Corps.
 As the premier mech force of the Bright Republic, the Mech Corps had been held up as the standard bearer of their state. Billions of citizens worshipped the Mech Corps and millions more pilots wished to join their ranks.
 Looking at the people and mechs walking back and forth, Ves found that each of them held a distinctive pride. They felt proud to be a part of the Mech Corps. They also moved with much more enthusiasm than usual. Ves eavesdropped on some of the conversation and knew that his invention had made a splash.
 "Hey, did you hear? Someone came up with a fix for the overcharge problem! Every workshop has been tasked with producing as much of these cells as possible!"
 "What? Really? We finally don’t have to tempt fate every time we enter our mechs? That’s amazing!"
 "You know what’s even more weird is that some outsider came up with the new designs. From what the geeks have told me, the designs came from a mech designer who worked for a gang!"
 "No way, a frickin’ scumbag came up with the new designs? What are our eggheads doing?! How can they be so slow that some random criminal can figure out a solution first?"
 "Hey, don’t raise your tone so much. I heard the inventor isn’t some random thug. He’s actually a mech designer, and he’s a Larkinson as well!"
 That particular revelation landed like a bomb to the group of gossipers.
 "Didn’t that guy came up in the news recently?"
 "Have you already forgotten about the duel where Captain Vicar got his butt kicked by a girl from the Planetary Guard?"
 "Oh yeah, that duel! So the Larkinson who came up with the new energy cells designed that black mech as well?"
 "Yup, and he’ll be sticking around the base, though I don’t know why. It’s going to get really dangerous here soon."
 Talk like that had spread throughout the base. Even though no one recognized Ves, most people had been able to figure out his identity because he wore civilian clothes. Most of the other consultants consisted of scientists and experts who specialized in discovering the properties of unknown exotics. Only Ves looked young enough to be a mech designer at the start of his career.
 This didn’t affect the base personnel very much. The soldiers had a lot of other things on their plate to divert some time to fawn over Ves. After reading everyone’s mood, he decided he should visit a doctor.
 Ves followed the map to the nearest medical center. Upon entering it, he reported his issues and had to wait half an hour before a doctor came up to receive him. The jolly-looking man invited him to his office.
 "I’ve consulted your records and I must say it’s an usual case." The doctor said. "We are not very versed with the functioning of your extra organs."
 "I’m aware how hard it is to figure out my body. I’m not asking for an explanation. I just want something that can mitigate the negative side effects of all of the energy fields in the red zone."
 The doctor’s expression turned pensive. "That will be difficult. Any medicine we give you can have the opposite effect. The side effects may be worse than the affliction."
 "Just do the best you can."
 Ves had to undergo a series of elaborate scans, much of it didn’t reveal anything new, though Ves found his strength had decreased. Ever since the ghost that wore his mother’s face drained him of his excess energy, Ves had started to feel less energetic. The difference didn’t amount to much, but it pointed out that any further energy drains could lead to more severe effects.
 The doctor in charge of his case found the changes to be puzzling. "You are still in fine health, Mr. Larkinson. I will prescribe you with some medicine that will ease your internal discomfort, but without a deeper understanding of your alien genes, it’s unwise to add anything else."
 That meant that Ves would have to deal with whatever happened on his own. This was the burden all human-alien hybrids had to go through.
 He’d also have to endure anything the Glowing Planet decided to throw at him. From his limited understanding, Ves believed that he’d face much more active exotics the deeper he went underground.
 Even so, Ves refused to stay near the surface and twiddle his thumb. The System gave him a mission, and he had to accomplish it at all costs. Even if he had to suffer through torture, Ves was determined to be among the first to breach the core of the planet and secure a valuable ore from within.
 "There’s no telling if the miners will withhold such a valuable chunk of ore. It’ll be harder for the Mech Corps to refuse to hand any of it over when I’ll be there on the spot."
 Ves thanked the doctor and left the medical center. He thought about visiting the workshops before he reminded himself that he’d been prohibited to enter them. He felt a little regretful for not being able to place his hands on the mechs used by the Mech Corps. Ves had been drooling at their designs for many years now.
 "Well, it’s only a matter of time before I get drafted. I’ll have plenty of opportunity to play with these mechs once the war finally starts."
 The Mech Corps brought out the big guns from the start when it came to mining. Besides bringing enough hardware to empty out the surface layers of red zone in a matter of months, they also brought an enormous cruiser-sized tunneler to breach the hardy soil of the Glowing Planet and reach the core of the planet.
 A vertical shuttle descended quickly down the depths of the tunnel that had been excavated rather recently. Ves looked out of the porthole with wonder.
 "Aye, that’s the Gregarious Wrath at work." A cadet bragged to Ves. "She’s two kilometers long, of which two-thirds are solely devoted to making her the best tunneler in the Republic."
 Such a name would have been more fitting on a battleship than an enormous tunneling machine, Ves thought. "How far has she reached?"
 "Around five-hundred kilometers. We’ve encountered a lot of obstacles on our way to the core. Some of the bedrock the Wrath has bumped into is too hard to burrow through, so she’s forced to take a detour. That takes up most of the time. Besides that, sometimes weird stuff happens, forcing some important systems to become a little wonky. We have to shut off the entire machine if that happens."
 "I understand. It’s too risky to keep working under those conditions. Who knows what kind of risks we’ll face if we brave the energy fields without understanding their effects."
 As if to emphasize those words, his stomach suddenly turned. The nauseous feeling almost prompted Ves to cough up his breakfast.
 "What is that?"
 "Beats me." The cadet shrugged. "The scientists have a fancy name for it, but we just call it the stomach turning field."
 Over the next half hour, the entire shuttle passed through multiple short-ranged energy fields which each caused some form of debilitating effect to the shuttle or its occupants.
 "How is the Gregarious Wrath able to function with all of these energy fields?!"
 "It helps that we put three dimensional smoothers at different points of her hull. They counteract or dampen most of these weird fields somehow."
 Even then, some of proximity effects couldn’t be fought against at all. Humanity still had a long way to go in understanding the effects of each different exotic material the galaxy had spawned
 Of course, Ves had no doubt that the big trans-galactic organizations like the MTA and CFA possessed the most complete database of exotics. In their eyes, the Glowing Planet likely held no secrets. The same went for the first-rate superstates like the Terrans and the Rubarthans.
 On the other hand, the petty states that eked out a poor existence in the galactic rim had no chance to develop such a complete record. Knowledge was valuable, and a detailed understanding of rare exotics even more so. The Republic couldn’t find a single party in the galactic net that would be willing to sell such valuable information, at least not without paying a ruinous price.
 Thus, the scientists and researchers aboard the Gregarious Wrath had to stumble about in the dark and forge their own paths.
 Perhaps no one on the shuttle had been more sensitive about the abundant amount of exotics buried in all directions than Lucky. The mechanical cat had become annoyed that he wasn’t allowed to claw his way out of the shuttle and start munching on the visibly glowing deposits of high value exotics.
 "It’s okay, Lucky. You’ll get your chance soon enough. The deeper we go, the yummier the exotics."
 "Meow!"
 The Glowing Planet truly held no threat to Lucky. Ever since they touched down, his cat acted like this entire planet was his playground and a paradise filled with endless food. Ves tried not to think how much energy Lucky had accumulated so far. It must be enough to surpass a tactical nuclear strike at the very least.
 The shuttle took a few turns when it encountered the detours made by the Wrath. Despite her shape as a cylinder, the Wrath incorporated accordeon-like structures along her hull that allowed her to turn like a worm.
 Obviously, the Wrath had to use that particular function more and more the deeper she burrowed into the solid interior of the planet.
 "Will the Wrath be in trouble if we encounter magma or some other liquids?"
 "Are you kidding? The Gregarious Wrath is clad in heat and pressure-resistant compressed armor. She’s as expensive as ten fleet carriers. No other tunneler is so extravagantly tough and durable. If not for the potential riches we can find in the core, the brass would have never risked sending it down the Glowing Planet."
 This certainly added to the proof that the Mech Corps knew what to expect down at the core. Ves might have to fight to obtain his deserves share of the mysterious ore demanded by the System.
 "Ah, we’ve almost reached the Wrath. You better return to your seat and strap in. It’s going to get violent soon!"
 Ves listened to the advice and strapped down on the crash shield while holding onto Lucky. Even his cat felt something amiss and tried to find some shelter in his owner’s embrace.
 The shuttle shook harder and harder, as if it had a lot of trouble keeping up a stable flight. Even in an airless environment, some sort of pressure wave still penetrated the vehicle deeply to the point of straying from its straight and narrow path.
 "What’s going on!?"
 "That’s the might of the Wrath! Behold the Republic’s ingenuity!"
 The shuttle took another turn and came into view of the rear of the tunneling machine. Ves had to rub his eyes a few times while suppressing the shudders that ran through his heart.
 The Gregarious Wrath looked like a massive worm more than a machine. Her dirt-crusted hull gave the tunneling machine a sense that she was a living, breathing mythical monster.
 Even as the shuttle neared the rear portion of the Wrath, the tunneling machine continuously bore through the soil, pressing excess crunched rocks to the side.
 "How is the tunnel so stable? Aren’t we risking a collapse?"
 "The Wrath is not that simple! We mix a little extra fluids that stabilizes the tunnel walls. It’s not that expensive, but it takes up so much space that the Wrath needs to be supplied every four hours."
 "Why bother keeping open this tunnel in the first place then?" Ves asked.
 "As mighty as the Wrath looks like, she’s a tunneling machine, not a mining machine. When she reaches the core, she won’t be able to filter the truly valuable bits from the somewhat valuable stuff. It will all get pressed to the sides to form new tunnel walls. We’ve got to bring other machines if we want to extract the hard-to-find bits."
 As the cadet explained the workings of the different machines, the shuttle neared a small opening that led the vehicle to a hangar. As soon as the shuttle entered inside the Wrath, the entire vehicle suddenly became subjected to a different direction of gravity.
 "Whoa!"
 "Haha, I forgot to warn you that the artificial gravity inside the Wrath is set alongside her length. It’s the best configuration for us to be able to shift stuff from the bow to the stern."
 Despite being a quintessential land behemoth, the crew treated the Wrath as a ship. From the terminology to the command structure, everyone treated the tunneling device as if she swam through land.
 "Let’s bring you to the chief engineer. He’s been dying to meet you."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 After being subjected to a strict security check, they entered the tightly compartmentalized interior of the huge machine. Besides the constant low thrumming, Ves hardly noticed that the Wrath was burrowing through tons of soil. It must have taken an immense amount of effort for her designers to isolate and neutralize al the various sounds, pressure waves and the shifting gravity.
 Since they arrived at the rear of the Wrath, they didn’t need to traverse the entire length of the tunneling machine. The Wrath actually held two engineering bays, but the Chief Engineer currently resided in the rear engineering bay which was responsible for powering the enormous beast.
 A storm of activity greeted Ves as soon as he stepped inside the engineering bay.
 Huge rows of power reactors hummed out of sight while bots constantly hauled supplies and tools back and forth.
 The engineers that kept the Wrath running constantly entered and exited the bay as they had to perform maintenance along the entire hull of the machine.
 Ves sensed the passion and drive in each of the engineers. The Republic must have recruited some of the best graduates to staff the Gregarious Wrath.
 "Like what you see?" An older man asked from the side.
 "It’s like heaven here."
 As a mech designer, Ves truly enjoyed the sights of people pouring their passion into machines. Even if they worked on entirely different mechanical contraptions, they still shared much in common.
 "Ves Larkinson."
 "Harmon Petrisc. I’m in charge around here." The chief engineer shook hands with Ves with a meaty grip. "That’s a nice grip you have. Your hands are still too soft."
 "Hah, we let our machines do the heavy lifting." Ves admitted without shame. "I’d love to forge a mech without resorting to a 3D printer sometime, but that’s still a long way to becoming feasible. Besides, don’t tell me you’re not using printers yourself to fabricate new replacement parts."
 "You got me there!"
 To certain hardcore mech designers, they only truly appreciated mechs that had been built without any form of automation. Even though a 3D printer required a lot of skill to utilize, a mech designer didn’t have to expend too much effort to perform a complicated function.
 The chief briefly showed him around. Everything appeared to work the same as any capital ship, though the designers of the Wrath had added a lot of necessary features to allow the tunneling machine to stay powered under tough conditions.
 "Thankfully we don’t rely on energy cells to run the Wrath, though we still use energy cells to provide backup power and run auxiliary functions throughout her hull. We’ve been working hard to replace them with your new design as fast as possible. It saves us a lot of stress, you know."
 "I can imagine. The Wrath must be carrying hundreds of energy cells at the very least." Ves nodded in understanding. "It must be giving you a lot of nightmares to think they could detonate all at once if the Wrath entered the wrong energy field."
 Both of them turned grim at that possibility. Neither could rule out the chance that they could enter some weird energy field that had a devastating effect on the already dangerous energy cells.
 That was why the Chief Petrisc showed a lot of appreciation to Ves. Hardly anyone else including the captain and the executive officer of the Wrath knew how much they tempted fate by keeping those overcharged energy cells in place.
 Once they finished their little tour, Petrisc guided Ves to his little office. "From what I understand, you’re only here so you can nab your share of the most valuable exotic mineral we’re expecting to find in the core."
 "That’s right. I hope I’m not imposing on you."
 "Oh, don’t worry. We’re so overworked that we could use a hand. What do you say about lending some of your expertise?"
 Ves frowned at that suggestion. "That doesn’t sound very appropriate. The Mech Corps doesn’t want me to touch their valuable hardware. I’m still a civilian, after all."
 "Ah, who cares about the rules." Chief Petrisc casually dismissed the concerns. "To be honest, we’re so overworked that we could use anyone with a brain to help us out. The Gregarious Wrath has always been meant to tunnel through regular terrestrial planets. The Glowing Planet is a whole different level of complexity. Every new exotic we find results in another inexplicable malfunction."
 "I see." Ves considered the suggestion deeply. If he refused the offer, he’d be doing nothing while the Wrath would slowly trudge along. "Well, I’m anxious to complete my assignment as fast as possible, so if you think I can help out, then count me in."
 "That’s great news! I’ve already prepared the permissions for you. Since you’ve come up with something as ingenious as those new energy cells, I’ll put put you to work in power management. It’s not the easiest job onboard the Wrath, but our power systems are the most susceptible to outside interference. Hopefully your perspective will help us resolve these problems faster."
 Thus began his work as a temp worker. Ves had never imagined that the chief engineer would accept him so easily, but he took it as another opportunity to broaden his vision.
 The situation on and above the Glowing Planet had deteriorated enormously in the past week. Ghanso Larkinson spent more time in space than in the fleet carrier. Everyone only caught four to five standard hours of sleep, and some didn’t even bother going to bed.
 Right now, the Volari Starhawks battled a large fleet of unknowns who didn’t consider the Mech Corps to be an obstacle. Unlike the other pirate fleets who constantly tried to maneuver around their forces, this strange group of carriers and spaceborn mechs boldly tried to bulldoze through the Starhawks.
 "Who are these guys?! I don’t recognize any of their models!"
 "They’re exiles from another star sector." Old Man Alex replied as he endured another barrage of lasers in front of Ghanso’s Vhedra-S. "All kinds of scum are attracted to the frontier. These fellows must have come to our star sector to excavate some treasures before they decided to go for the Glowing Planet instead."
 In truth, the Volari Starhawks outnumbered the unknowns, but the invaders obviously consisted of some elite force. Much of their mechs turned out to be second-class and possessed a distinctive edge against the cheaper mechs used by the Mech Corps. If not for their excellent training and coordination, they would have been smashed to pieces by the foreign mechs.
 Watch out for those orange-striped mechs!" Lieutenant Fairfax warned. "They’ve shaken off our elites and are heading in our way!"
 Ghanso quietly cursed the foreigners. Why did everyone want to stick their fingers into the pie that represented the Glowing Planet. Was a planet’s worth of junk exotics that much worth the effort?
 The Volari Starhawks learned quickly not to underestimate the orange-striped mechs among the foreigners. Besides being better quality mechs that boasted significantly higher specs, their pilots all appeared to be advanced pilots that had reached their upper limits. Even though they lacked the deterrence of an expert pilot, so many elites gathered into a single squad could affect the course of the entire battle.
 "Ghanso! Focus on their rifleman mechs! Suppress them as best as you can!"
 "On it!"
 The battle had turned into a wild battle for speed and maneuverability, which made it hard to secure a kill. The incoming enemies approached Ghanso’s squad with so much acceleration that his Vhedra-S only scored some glancing blows with its laser rifle.
 "They’re circling around us!"
 Insteading of clashing head-on against Fairfax’s squad, the orange-striped elites took up a wide orbit around them. Ghanso kept firing calmly despite his disadvantageous position. The frequent skirmishes he’d been through beforehand had polished his instincts to the point where he scrubbed any clues that he’d once been a rookie.
 "They’ve got more rifleman mechs than us! I can hardly hold my ground here!" Alex yelled over the comm as his space knight took an increasingly more severe beating. "We should bring the fight to them!"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Ghanso agreed with his squad mate. "Alex is right, lieutenant! Please give us the order to engage!"
 His Vhedra-S rapidly accumulated heat as its rifle spat out beam after beam. Most of them ended up splashing ineffectually against his opponent’s superior armor. It took sustained hits on the same location to do lasting damage.
 In a battle with such speeds, Ghanso found it impossible to accomplish such a tall order. His beam often splashed all over the place. Any pilot whose mech got hit would instantly juke in a spin or in a different direction. The more surface the laser beam affected, the shallower the mark it left on the armor.
 "Captain Rynsel and her men are on the way! Just hold out for ten more minutes!"
 As he fired another ineffectual laser beam, Ghanso glanced at the proximity map and noted ten incoming friendlies approaching from below. Everyone on the squad cheered at the thought of being reinforced. These elites had been hammering their rifles at their mechs. They wouldn’t last more than a minute at this rate.
 "Alert! High energy emission detected!"
 "Incoming comet!"
 "That’s not a comet, that’s a mech!"
 A bright blue-white flare approached the section of space where Ghanso and his comrades fought against the foreigners. Their collective sensor readings quickly resolved the incoming contact as an unknown mech of a unique design. One thing stood out the rest. It outputted as much energy as five heavy mechs.
 "Oh mother! We’ve kicked the hornet’s nest!" Alex exclaimed. "HE’S COMING STRAIGHT FOR US!"
 The comet-like mech crashed straight towards Alex’s mech. Its extreme relative speed hardly allowed anyone else to respond to its appearance in time. Ghanso narrowly engaged his mech’s flight systems to back up, just in time to evade a narrow glowing stripe that passed just in front.
 While the comet mech darted away, the space knight that had always stood by Ghanso’s side suddenly parted in half from the waist before exploding in a violent conflagration.
 "No!" Ghanso yelled as he couldn’t believe how fast his partner’s space knight had been killed. "Alex!"
 Old Man Alex didn’t have the time eject. His odds of survival was nil.
 Captain Rynsel’s squad suddenly stopped and turned around. "Fairfax! Disengage right now! You just got hit by an expert pilot! He’s turning around for another pass!"
 Everyone panicked when they heard they faced an expert mech. Lieutenant Fairfax swiftly ordered everyone to split up and flee in separate directions. Even with Alex’s mech, the entire squad stood no chance of surviving against a single expert pilot.
 "AArghh! I’m ejecting!"
 One of their squadmates had to eject because the foreigners that had continued to circle around them took advantage of their loss of cohesion. The orange-striped elites had shifted their aim so smoothly that Ghanso suspected that they must have practiced this tactic.
 "He’s here!"
 This time, the expert mech slashed two of their mechs in quick succession. Only one of their squad mates ejected in time. The other perished when his mech blew up.
 Ghanso felt immense pressure to eject, but he held back due to the obligation to bring back his machine intact. The Mech Corps took a dim view on those who wasted their expensive war materiel. He continued to pray that the expert pilot wouldn’t target him next.
 In the next couple of minutes, the expert pilot targeted their reinforcements. Captain Rynsel feebly tried to resist, but eventually had to eject.
 Just when Ghanso thought he made it away, the expert pilot curved his high-speed trajectory in a straight path towards his Vhedra-S.
 "He’s on to you, Ghanso!"
 "Eject already! You don’t stand a chance against this expert!"
 Ghanso didn’t want to abandon his mech so soon. Even if his fellow Starhawks wouldn’t blame him for the early ejection, it still would have left a stain in his heart. As a mech pilot born to the cause, the last thing he could tolerate was to carry a brand of shame. Such a shame had a high chance of affecting his potential advancement to expert pilot.
 The Vhedra-S threw all caution to the wind and fired beam after beam at the swift and relentless expert mech. No matter what tricks Ghanso pulled off, the expert pilot dodged his aim again and again. It was as if the expert read his mind!
 Even then, Ghanso never gave up his attempt to land a single hit. He even increased his rifle’s rate of fire to a ruinous level. Even if he stopped firing right now, both his mech and his rifle had been ruined irrevocably.
 Ghanso didn’t care. His mind sublimated during the brief interval as the expert mech came closer and closer. He vented his grief for losing Alex and his fellow squad members through his weapon. Each laser that struck out into the vacuum of space was another defiant scream to the unfairness of facing an expert pilot without support.
 "Come on! I need a hit! Just one hit!"
 In the final three seconds, Ghanso had become so fired up that his mind momentarily breached an invisible barrier. At that moment, a spark of flame exploded within him that guided his aim towards another direction.
 His laser only scorched the expert mech for 0.15 seconds. The incredibly skilled expert swiftly adjusted his course before the laser could even begin to burn away the outer coating.
 "Pull out!"
 This time, Ghanso listened to the communication channel. He sent out a mental command which instantly disconnected the cockpit from the rest of the mech. The sudden loss of connection jarred Ghanso sufficiently that he didn’t witness his cockpit escaping from the mech in time for the expert pilot to slash through the rest of the frame in a single slash.
 Instead, as soon as he recovered, he laughed. "Hahahaha! I scored a hit! I scored a single hit!"
 As his cockpit flung away from the battle and followed an arcing course to the rear lines of the Starhawk fleet, Ghanso laughed and cried at the same time. He laughed for surviving an encounter against a dread expert pilot, and he cried for the friends he would never be able to see again.
 "Damn this Glowing Planet? It would have done this galaxy a favor if it came across a black hole and disappeared beyond its event horizon."
 Battles erupted across the entire orbit of the Glowing Planet. The Vesians had also been hard-pressed to hold back as many pirates as possible. In the meantime, hordes of pirates and mercenaries slipped through the gaps and descended to the surface of the Glowing Planet.
 Battle raged throughout the airless skies above the rogue planet. The pirates fought against the mercenaries, the mercenaries fought against the military, the military fought against the pirates, and the pirates fought among themselves.
 Infighting was rife even among allies in the same fleet. It only took a couple of stray shots to splash against a nominal allied outfit to provoke a brawl. Even the pirate lords that browbeat the small outfits together couldn’t alleviate the constantly rising tempers.
 Broken mechs and chunks of space ships kept descending from above in regular numbers. Back at the base erected by Walter’s Whalers, their turrets sporadically fired at an incoming artificial meteorite from above.
 Sometimes, even the rifleman and cannoneer mechs had to lend a hand in order to break apart a particularly large piece of spaceship debris.
 Still, that was child’s play compared to the incoming pirates. Sometimes, elements of a pirate fleet got so confused that they lost their course and landed somewhere close to the red zone occupied by the Mech Corps. Any mech carriers that landed in the vicinity of the Blood Claws and the Whalers had to be destroyed before they could get away.
 "You’ve improved!" Fadah complimented Raella as she swiped the head off a pirate mech in a single blow. "It was just last week when you could barely hold on against a single pirate."
 "That scum was an elite!" Raella spat back as her Sliverath danced around the disarrayed pirate mechs with as much grace as the Blackbeak. The two made for an intimidating pair, and together with Dietrich’s long-ranged support they developed a practiced routine. "I’m hungry. I hadn’t been able to eat my lunch all day. Let’s wipe these bastards out fast before I starve to death!"
 The mechs aligned to the Bright Republic fought without holding anything back. Ever since Ves submitted his undercharged energy cell designs, every mech received the new energy cells. While the mech pilots faced a couple of complications due to their lower capacity and unstable energy supply, they all sighed in relief because they wouldn’t get blown up anymore.
 Naturally, such a momentous development couldn’t be kept to themselves. The Mech Legion somehow got ahold of the designs and began producing their own replacement energy cells.
 Some of the other well-connected factions such as the Dragons of the Void followed suit.
 This had divided the forces on the planet in three.
 First came the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion who had fully converted their energy cells to the safer designs.
 Second were the poorer pirate outfits and mercenary corps who didn’t possess enough connections to get their hands on the valuable designs for the safer energy cells.
 Third were the incoming pirates, mercenaries and treasure hunters who just descended upon the planet. Since they hadn’t been subjected to the surface energy fields for long, their energy cells hadn’t developed an overcharge yet. This would change in the next couple of days, but until then they swaggered around their landing sites, provoking trouble wherever they went.
 Thus, the Blood Claws and the Whalers constantly had to fight the smaller outfits while the Mech Corps mopped up the largest concentration of scum. After fighting multiple battles, everyone started to feel the strain.
 Countless mechs had been deployed to the surface of the Glowing Planet. Of all the different models, certain ones stood out from the rest.
 For example, take the Havalax. Dumont’s debut design might not be the most valiant offensive knight, but some mercenaries didn’t care about the bad reputation it had acquired as long as they received enough discounts.
 They brought their newly purchased mechs to the Glowing Planet and expected to dominate in any close-ranged engagements. What they actually experienced was nothing of the sort.
 "This is ridiculous! How come it’s run out of energy so quickly!" One mercenary cursed as his mech switched to ultra-low power consumption mode after all of its energy cells had been drained. "These new undercharged energy cells are so stupid! How can I keep running my mech with just thirty percent of its previous capacity?"
 Some of his colleagues laughed over the communication channel. "Serves you right. I told you so that you’d regret spending the company credits on the Havalax. Even with normal energy cells it can’t even last a single duel!"
 To be fair to the Havalax, the duel had been something of an anomaly. The Havalax should easily be able to last half a standard day at normal power consumption.
 However, such a meager amount of operating time wasn’t as impressive as other mechs who would easily be able to last an entire day without replenishing their energy cells.
 "This thing is a giant trap. It’s great in a battle, but it’s awful everywhere else. I’m going to put it up for sale as soon we get back."
 While the couple of Havalax pilots grumbled about the poor performance of its design on the Glowing Panet, the pilots of the Blackbeak enjoyed their greatest moments.
 As one of the few fuel-based mechs on this planet, they faced very little risks from the start. The constant skirmishes and occasional long-ranged raids also helped the Blackbeak fit in. The handful of mercs who piloted the exclusive gold-label Blackbeaks all performed above and beyond their usual standard.
 For example, on a desolate field of crags and low rocks, ten pirate mechs were frantically running away. One might expect those ten mechs to be chased by a squad or platoon of mechs, but in actuality only a single Blackbeak hounded them from behind.
 "This monster! Why won’t he give up!!" A pirate moaned. "C’mon, run faster!"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 None of the pirates seem to suggest they turn around and gang up on the Blackbeak. They already tried that, only to get demolished one by one.
 "Let’s split up!"
 "He’ll hunt us down one by one!"
 "Are you kidding? He’ll only be able to kill a couple of us before he loses track. Let’s do it!"
 The pirate mechs split up in different directions. Rather than bewilder the Blackbeak, it stopped holding back and put more power into its durable engine. As far as its pilot was concerned, the pirates had consigned themselves to death by ceasing to move in a cohesive formation. The Blackbeak hunted down the mechs like a cat chasing after a pack of mice.
 "Keep running, you little rats. Even if you get away, you won’t be able to supply your mechs."
 Besides the handful of gold label Blackbeaks on the Glowing Planet, the silver and bronze label versions also acquitted themselves well. During the time when the undercharged energy cells hadn’t been developed yet, they took the lead in defending the bases. Their strong, stable and exemplary performance had elevated their reputation to the point where most knight mech pilots yearned to obtain their own copies.
 Many mech designs developed in recent years hadn’t been tested in large-scale campaigns. The Glowing Planet served as a crucible where the best and most robust designs gained an edge over those which featured too many superfluous elements.
 Major factions such as the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion collected all of the data to perform analyses and add to the public record of each individual model.
 The highly encouraging realspace performance data of the Blackbeak gave the LMC an unexpected boost. Sales of the bronze-label model fabricated by EME, which had flagged in recent times, suddenly surged as the mech industry gained a new appreciation of its tough and enduring design.
 The LMC enjoyed brisk sales as well. Along with a concerted marketing push, the Blackbeak had been pushed to the forefront of recognition. Silver label Blackbeaks became a hot item to well-off customers, so much so that Marcella started selling them by batches which the LMC’s small workshop struggled to fulfill.
 As the COO of the LMC, Jake Altern often visited Marcella’s brokerage for business. Currently, they moved to an upscale restaurant and enjoyed a luxurious meal.
 "Even if the Glowing Planet’s appearance is a disaster for the Republic, it’s been a boon for the LMC. The Blackbeak’s appeal is at an all-time high right now."
 "I know." Marcella replied as she finished chewing an exotic meat dish. "I don’t even have to convince my customers to purchase a mech or two. Instead, I have to pull them back from placing too many orders. Both our bronze and silver label versions have a waiting list that’s at least a half year long."
 That represented an enormous amount of revenue. While both of them had much to celebrate for accumulating so many orders, none of them adopted satisfied expressions.
 Jake stopped beating around the bush. "We don’t have enough production capacity. Everyone in the company is aware of how much revenue we’re missing out. Customers who have been hoping to purchase a Blackbeak are being discouraged by how much we’ve raised our prices and how many other customers are waiting for their own copies."
 "Why are you bringing up this topic?" She asked with suspicion. "Both the EME and LMC are producing your designs as fast as they can. Neither of them are in a position to expand their production lines any further. The EME still has to pay back their debts while your company is just starting to break the ground on your new manufacturing complex."
 "There’s still another solution."
 "You want to contract another mech manufacturer." Marcella stated.
 "Exactly. Benjamin Larkinson approves of the idea. The rest of the board is behind the plan. As long as you agree, we’ll have unanimous approval to extend a special licensing contract to Vaun Industrial."
 "I recall that Ves once visited their impressive factory complex and didn’t come out impressed. He won’t like it if anyone else than EME gets to produce the bronze label Blackbeaks."
 Jake helplessly spread his palms. "Well, he’s not here to object, is he? Instead, he ran off to the Glowing Planet to mine some expensive rocks. At the very least, our decision here will teach him not to pursue his whims and go harrying off into danger."
 It all seemed dirty to Marcella. She knew Ves always prioritized his reputation and hated losing control over the distribution of his products. Yet she wasn’t unaccustomed to getting her hands dirty. As Jake had said, Ves only had himself to blame for being unable to stop a necessary decision to maximize the profits of his company.
 "Consider me onboard to your plan. I own five percent of the LMC’s shares, after all. The more the company earns, the better off I’ll be. I can guess the Larkinson Estate is also eying the benefits."
 This conspiracy couldn’t have gotten off without the express approval of Ves’ grandfather. Much of the higher management of the LMC consisted of retainers nurtured by the Larkinsons. Even if they worked for Ves, they still owed their loyalty to the organization that nurtured them from young.
 Even if the LMC didn’t issue any dividends as of yet, the Larkinson Estate still benefited enormously in other ways if the company earned record profits.
 With the war about to come into full swing, the Estate always had a need for more money. That was the time when the Mech Corps spent money like water, and often had to go into debt. It wasn’t unheard of for well-to-do families like the Larkinsons to contribute to the war effort in exchange for better treatment for their relatives serving in the front.
 "Even if Ves objects, he shouldn’t forget his roots." Jake decisively said as he began to eat his dessert. "Besides, Vaun Industrial is an excellent partner to work with. Their production facilities are top-notch and they haven’t made any excessive demands. They’re willing to pay a bit more fees now that the success of the Blackbeak is set in stone."
 Both of them discussed the matter as if they had the best intentions at heart.
 As for Ves, he remained ignorant of the proactive decisions made behind his back. Instead, he blissfully spent his days aboard the Gregarious Wrath. Chief Petrisc granted him a fair amount of liberties, as if he didn’t have a care in the galaxy if Ves attempted to sabotage the giant tunneler.
 It didn’t make a difference anyway. With the amount of monitoring going on, Ves would never be able to hide any suspicious activities unless he activated his Privacy Shield.
 Not that he wanted to. The Gregarious Wrath’s journey to the center of the Glowing Planet had to go well for Ves to complete his mission. He did all he could to lend his expertise to the many problems facing the enormous tunneling machine.
 It turned out that the energy fields constantly destabilized the Wrath. Countless systems relied on each other to ensure the smooth function of the tunneler. If one system got knocked out, that didn’t mean the Wrath would stop. However, the systems depending on the functions of that knocked out systems might malfunction, which eventually led to a chain reaction of errors that eventually forced the tunneler to a stop.
 Thus, Chief Petrisc prioritized plugging each and every gap as soon as they formed. Ves joined one of the troubleshooting teams and began to go back and forth along the Wrath’s lengthy hull to fix various issues.
 Most problems sounded a little inane.
 For example, one time a cooling fluid storage tank suddenly burst because the fluid abruptly expanded. The entire mess fouled up the compartment and locked up the other storage tanks.
 It didn’t take too much effort to clean up the mess, but the engineers puzzled over what had caused the expansion and how they could prevent the cooling fluid from going haywire again.
 Another problem was that certain alloys degraded as if they’d been rusting in corrosive waters for decades. This didn’t matter too much if it came to a table or wall panel, but if the component happened to be part of a primary power channel, then the entire forward half of the Wrath might shut off.
 It was the job of the troubleshooting teams to solve these problems before they grew into something big. While Ves felt like a fish out of water concerning the workings of a massive ship-sized tunneler, his excellent foundation in various fields of science allowed him to suggest workable solutions to the problems at hand.
 "Look, why are we holding this portion up with an alloy support structure? It’s overkill in my eyes. We all know that certain exotic alloys are reacting badly in the presence of all of these energy fields. I think we shouldn’t shy away from replacing these alloy structures with plastic composites."
 "If this was a mech, I wouldn’t be satisfied with this slapdash fix. Everyone can tell this replacement part will break down the next day. Rather than return each day to perform the same repairs, why not overhaul this entire section. Let me sketch out my suggestion for a durable structure."
 Several days went by as the Gregarious Wrath continued to overcome new challenges every day. With thousands of crew members on board, the tunneler had an abundant amount of talent to draw on to ensure her continued operation. Even if she encountered another obstacle, someone would eventually come up with a solution to get the tunneler back on course.
 After more than two weeks of tunneling, the Wrath finally stumbled upon the edge of the outer core of the Glowing Planet.
 The Mech Corps didn’t have much time left before their 70-day deadline came to pass. The Gregarious Wrath took much more time to breach the outer core of the Glowing Planet. Thus, the military moved very quickly to confirm they reached the periphery of their goal.
 From the outside, the outer portion of the core glowing in bright green. It consisted of a virtually single gigantic mass of growing green junk exotics with just a tiny speck of extremely rare exotic material interspersed in between.
 Sadly for Ves, none of the trace exotics happened to be the substance the System sought for. Even if a single gram of certain exotics could be sold for ten billion credits in the open market, none of them possessed any traits that could truly make the impossible into reality.
 "So this isn’t the right substance either, huh?"
 Ves threw away the latest sample excavated from the core. After it bounced on the deck, it ended up in the clutches of Lucky, who eagerly began to devour it. The cat had been in bliss ever since they breached the core.
 Chief Petrisc oversaw the maintenance of the Gregarious Wrath’s drill components. After burrowing thousands of kilometers into the ground, the drill urgently required maintenance. Ves had nothing to do at this time because he’d do more harm than good if he involved himself with drills.
 "This is boring. When are we going to go deeper into the core?"
 "The Wrath will move forward as soon as we know the core won’t ruin it. The deeper we go, the denser the bedrock. We need to replace the regular drills with more expensive ones if we want to make any progress." An engineer replied besides him. "It’s strange how most of the energy fields disappeared at this depth. It’s as if the core is isolating us from the exotics up above."
 Unlike other planets, particularly life-bearing ones, the Glowing Planet didn’t feature magma or any form of liquids. After the planet’s formation and its exile from its original star system, the magma had slowly cooled until it became fully solid. This gave the planet enough time to sink all of its heavier materials to the core of the planet.
 The ore that the System demanded from Ves should also be found close to these depths. It would be impossible to reach the exact center with today’s technology, but hopefully they’d reach close enough to start encountering the desired material.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "More tunneling and mining machines will arrive very soon to lend a hand. The core is largely uniform, but if we’re lucky we might come across an easier side path. This entire planet is weird so who knows what’s down there."
 "We’re also short on time." Ves added. "We only have less than twenty days to wrap up this expedition."
 While he had faith that the Mech Corps would be able to hang on to the red zone, he had less faith in their ability to approach the inner core and reach the truly valuable substances that rested so deep. All of this was pretty much out of his expertise, so Ves had no choice but to stand aside and let the experts do their jobs.
 He left the labs where the ores were analyzed after a time. Lucky didn’t want to go, but the cat hadn’t been allowed to roam on his own. "Stop being fussy. We still have plenty more days for you to chew on some ores."
 Even as his cat yowled in protest, he carried Lucky back to his bunk and threw him on top of the bed. Ves followed suit and rested on its comfy surface while he rubbed his stomach.
 Due to the unknown shielding effect, all of the energy fields no longer tried to disturb his body and his delicate internal energy cycle.
 Over the past weeks, his body somehow accumulated what it had lost from the ghost. Ves hadn’t expected his internal energy cycle to bounce back so fast. He wondered where the energy came from in the first place.
 "It would be too banal if it comes from my food. I don’t take enough nutrients to account for so much energy."
 Perhaps his body absorbed it from the energy fields, or perhaps he drew it from some abstract dimension. Whatever the case, his body regained the same pros and cons as before. His strength increased to an unrealistic level while his body risked getting blown up if his energy cycle ever went haywire.
 He even half-hoped the ghost returned to siphon away the excess energy. Ves deliberately found reasons to be alone, but his mother never came.
 "What a neglectful parent." He sighed.
 Ves looked forward to leaving this cursed planet. Humanity would never thrive upon such an active and chaotic planet. The alien species that took to such planets as easy as drinking water must be extremely formidable.
 Still, it hadn’t prevent most species from getting bulldozed or chase away by the human race during the Age of Conquest.
 "Well, we’re in the Age of Mechs now. We don’t have the numbers to fuel a further expansion into the rest of the galaxy. We’re already spread thin in the star sectors we’ve claimed."
 Much of the empty and poorly-explored territories inside human space hid buried treasures. Treasure hunters didn’t have to leave for the frontier to score big. Even at the galactic center, many new stars came into being. All kinds of stellar activity generated an uncountable amount of exotics at the heart of the galactic center.
 Despite the hazards of living in such active regions, they generated an enormous amount of riches.
 On the other hand, the Komodo Star Sector was so far away removed from those lucrative regions that it had to excavate the leftovers that drifted to the galactic rim. The Glowing Planet was just a little more exceptional than anything else that came to the Komodo Star Sector.
 While Ves slowly drifted off into sleep, a sudden thrum ran over his body. His energy cycle receive a severe shock which prodded him back to wakefulness.
 "What’s that!?"
 Even Lucky jumped up from his slumber at the foot of the bed. The cat arched his back as if he faced a giant dog.
 Both of them sensed something amiss just then. Ves hadn’t imagined the jarring sensations. After a couple more minutes of waiting, he let down his guard.
 "Something’s up. Anything that can spook the both of us isn’t normal."
 Ves freshened himself up and left his bunk. He headed down to engineering, only to encounter a flurry of activity. Ves found an engineer he became familiar with and asked what was going on.
 "Didn’t you hear? We’ve found 3 milligrams of Rorach’s Bone!"
 The significance of that news hadn’t set in on Ves. "What’s Rorach’s Bone?"
 "It’s the entire reason we dug so far! Don’t you know how priceless Rorach’s Bone is? It can’t even be expressed in credits! The Mech Trade Association has an insatiable demand for Rorach’s Bone. It’s said that it’s an essential ingredient to make cutting-edge mechs!"
 Now Ves understood all of the excitement. Any material that was valuable enough to be used in the best mechs of the galaxy should be extremely exceptional.
 As Ves left the engineering bay and headed for the labs, he flicked open his comm and read up on Rorach’s Bone in the Gregarious Wrath’s internal database.
 It only contained a brief entry on the material. Much of it had been redacted, and Ves didn’t possess the necessary clearance to know any more. What he did learn was enough.
 As a material referred to as a bone, the exotic substance formed an essential part in constructing a durable internal frame. Besides granting the skeleton of a mech an unheard amount of durability, the most amazing property of Rorach’s Bone was that it drew in heat and used that energy to self-repair itself!
 The entire concept seemed unreal to Ves. "So it’s actually possible to make a self-repairing mech!"
 Incorporating Rorach’s Bone onto other components also granted them the ability to repair itself. Obviously, there were limits to this ability, but it granted mechs an unheard amount of endurance. Even if the cutting-edge mechs became lost, its ace pilots would still be able to survive with the help of his constantly replenishing mech.
 Learning about these traits made Ves suspect something about the System. "Is it damaged?"
 Certainly, Rorach’s Bone didn’t offer anything unique. Many other extremely valuable exotics offered the same amount of increase in toughness.
 When Ves reached the lab, he got a distant glimpse of the so-called bone. It was just a tiny grain suspended in a vacuum chamber as the scientists performed all kinds of tests.
 One of the scientists summed up their findings. "According to our analysis, this is a low-grade Rorach’s Bone. It’s lost its potency over billions of years of separation. While it’s still a valuable specimen, the MTA won’t get much use out of it. However, its presence proves that there should be larger samples of Rorach’s Bone buried deeper within the core."
 That satisfied the officers who had been sent to he labs to take stock of the latest find. The Mech Corps would definitely intensify their efforts to dig deeper into the core. Rorach’s Bone was an amazingly dense material, so it would have sunk down deep into the center of the Glowing Planet at the beginning of its formation when much of its volume consisted of magma.
 Ves approached the group of officers and made his presence known. "I hope to be informed whenever you’ve made another major find. Don’t forget that my Master has already called dibs on the first major chunk of Rorach’s Bone."
 The scientists nodded, but the officers didn’t seem so pleased. One of them stepped forward. "The Mech Corps needs all it can get. Everything you see here and everything we’ve achieved so far is accomplished on our own. As far as I’m concerned, the Coalition can wait in line."
 As much as Ves sympathised for his home state, he wasn’t willing to sacrifice his own interests. The System demanded for its pound of flesh and Ves could only cut if out from his own body if he couldn’t present a fat pig.
 Ves continued the pretence that he was here on behalf of the Coalition. "I would hope that you understand how severe your words may sound. Don’t forget that the only reason we’re allowed to scramble in the dirt is because the Coalition has granted us seventy days to do as we wish. If they wanted to, they could have come within a month."
 He hit a good point. As much as the officer wanted to stand up for the Mech Corps, he didn’t dare speak ill of the Coalition in public. If someone recorded his words and spread them onto the galactic net, he’d be booted from the service in an instant.
 "Come on, sir. We have business to attend." Another officer gestured the man. They all moved away.
 "That’s very brave of you, Mr. Larkinson." A metallurgist casually spoke. "Was it really necessary for you to remind them of their obligations?"
 "It was. I have my mission and they have theirs. Mine just happened to supercede theirs. The Komodo Star Sector belongs to the Coalition and the Hegemony. The Bright Republic is just a tiny fish that swims in the same pond as the sharks. We should do everything we can to prevent the predators from eating us."
 Ves didn’t like these words, but he had to in order to keep up the pretence. He knew the Mech Corps would benefit enormously if they retained every piece of Rorach’s Bone they dug up from the core. He hated that the System forced him to divide his loyalties.
 This incident reminded him that the Mech Designer System never owed any loyalty to the Republic. This wouldn’t be the last time he’d have to choose between the System and everyone else.
 An alarm sounded out.
 "Detecting anomalous movement!"
 The Gregarious Wrath primarily functioned as a tunneler, but that did not describe the extent of her purpose.
 Many battles that took place on planets actually took place underground. While controlling the surface was important to control the local population and much of the smaller industries, the real jewels could be found at least a couple of kilometers underground.
 While this brought a lot of inconveniences, the huge barrier of soil formed the most formidable fortification against bombardment, raids, infiltration and a host of other nasty consequences.
 The main reason why the LMC spent half a billion credits on their production complex was because Ves wanted to create a giant underground fort. Considering the onset of war, such an extravagant precaution might definitely pay off.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 In any case, with the proliferation of underground bases, a means had to be developed to strike them. After all, even pirates used underground fortifications to hide or withstand against the wrath of the lawful authorities of the galaxy.
 Thus, Ves learned why the Gregarious Wrath adopted such a strange and aggressive name, and why the Mech Corps maintained such a large and expensive machine.
 The Wrath performed the role of siege breaker.
 As the anomalies neared the immobile tunneler, hatches opened up, allowing aerial mechs to emerge. Most of these mechs had their energy cells replaced by the undercharged variants that Ves had developed, so none of the pilots showed any hesitancy in sortieing out.
 Meanwhile, everybody inside the Wrath went to their action stations. Ves had to leave the labs as well. As a guest, he should be returning to his bunk and hole up while the Mech Corps took care of the threat, but Ves wasn’t in a mood to hide.
 "I still have those permissions given by Chief Petrisc. I’ll probably be able to enter the engineering bay."
 Ves resolutely found the nearest fast platform and stepped onto its surface. The platform instantly zipped away along a special track in the corridors. Many other crewmen had boarded the same kind of platforms in order to quickly traverse the entire length of the Wrath.
 His platform deposited him a couple of compartments away from the rear engineering bay. After going through another security checks, he finally entered it and found Chief Petrisc. The man occasionally issued orders while he kept his eye on a projected multi-pane interface that showed almost everything that happened inside and outside the Wrath.
 "Ves, I figured you’d be here. A Larkinson never shies away from a fight! Come here and help me make sense of the readings."
 Glad that he hadn’t been chased out, Ves approach the command console and turned his attention to the proximity map. Twenty-five mechs made up of the first wave. Without a better understanding of the incoming threats, the captain held back the other mechs.
 Also, the expanded tunnel around the Wrath didn’t offer a lot of space anyway.
 The deck beneath Ves rumbled a bit, and the reactors stationed at the center of the bay powered up.
 The Wrath slowly powered up her systems and started digging again.
 "Why are we tunneling again?!"
 "We need to make more room for our mechs to fight!" Petrisc replied as he swiped his fingers across the projection, making adjustments on the fly. "The tunnel we’ve made doesn’t give our mechs a lot of room to maneuver, and the Wrath is vulnerable as well if she remains stuck like this."
 The Wrath slowly started to curve upwards. The recently deployed mechs followed in her wake. After making a deliberate course change, the Wrath now pointed upwards, leaving plenty of room for the mechs to meet the approaching signals coming from the core of the Glowing Planet.
 "The signals are moving right through solid matter." Ves noted quickly as he studied the plot. "They’re moving through both mundane and exotic materials like they don’t exist! I don’t think any machine made by man can do such a thing!"
 Both of them came to the only conclusion possible. "They’re indigenous life forms!"
 Three strong signals burrowed through the core like it was made out of vacuum. Ves tried to guess at their properties and wondered if they descended from the native wildlife that had once roamed the Glowing Planet when it still orbited around a star.
 As the three signals came closer, the Wrath’s sensors resolved more data. Ves found them to be difficult to parse. The sensors failed to detect any mass readings or pick up any vibrations that indicated the signals burrowed through the terrain. Yet the amount of energy they held should be enough to power ten elite mechs.
 "What kind of life forms are these?!"
 "Whatever they are, they’re heading straight for the Gregarious Wrath! I think that says enough about their stance towards us!"
 The galaxy spawned countless wonders throughout its ten billion year history. Many strange and unusual life forms emerged from these unique conditions, and humanity had encountered billions of them during the Age of Conquest.
 Many times, these indigenous life forms seemed omnipotent, but they all fell in the end against the might of humanity’s inexorable rise. No one on the Wrath feared the approaching indigenous aliens, even though they possessed enough energy to riddle the Wrath from inside-out.
 As Ves quietly tried to make sense of the increasingly detailed but incomprehensible readings, his mind inadvertently drifted back to the moments he met the ghost that wore his mother’s face.
 "They’re energy life forms! They don’t possess a material form!"
 Chief Petrisc’s face turned grim. He instantly sent off a message to the captain before he even tried to confirm the wild guess. "If those are energy beings, then we’re in a lot of trouble."
 Humanity encountered a handful of energy beings, whose existence in the material dimensions could only be sensed indirectly. It wasn’t accurate to call them ghosts, but most laymen treated these intangible energy beings this way.
 That was because they couldn’t be hurt by a laser or projectile. Swords and shields flew straight through their transparent forms, though sometimes they didn’t even show any hint of their existence. These near or fully invisible creatures harvested countless of lives, mechs and ships before humanity finally found the key to repel their cheat-like existences.
 "Do we have an expert pilot on board?" Ves asked with sharp eyes.
 "We do. Venerable Stanton Drake is standing by to deploy. The only problem is that the mech technicians recently overhauled his Fire Worm. It’s a highly complex aerial striker mech that uses up a lot of power. Standard energy cells won’t meet its energy consumption so the scientists have been trying to adapt your energy cells for expert mech designs. They only managed to do so a day ago."
 "It’s been weeks since I released those designs. It’s taken them this long to develop a new energy cell?" Ves sounded exasperated. "They should have consulted me!"
 "You know how the Mech Corps works. Those scientists holed up in their research bases are pissed at you because you upstaged all of their efforts. They don’t want to admit a single mech designer can trump over their collective smarts."
 Whatever the case, the mech technicians in charge of the Fire Worm raced against time to hammer the mech back together from its semi-disassembled state. So long as the Venerable didn’t have access to a mech tailored to his talents, he wouldn’t be able to display his full might.
 Ves didn’t offer to assist, since he would surely be rejected. He didn’t possess the right clearance to work with highly sensitive expert mechs. These mechs cost many billions of credits to make and often incorporated some of the best technologies available to the Bright Republic.
 In any case, a dedicated team of mech designers and mech technicians always accompanied each expert mech. Ves wouldn’t be able to add anything unless he became more familiar with the Fire Worm’s design.
 "How much time do they need until the Venerable can deploy?"
 "Ten minutes. We have to hold out for at least ten minutes."
 After several tense moments, the alien energy creatures finally emerged from the core. They appeared to be semi-corporeal, with a transparent green glowing body that evoked the image of an illusionary snake the size of three mechs stacked on top of each other.
 Most notably, the limbless creatures didn’t possess any sensory organs. The only thing that distinguished its front from its back was the gaping toothless maw that possessed some sort of attractive force.
 When the mechs that escorted the Wrath finally opened fire, the energy snakes widened their incorporeal maws.
 Amazingly, every laser, shell, projectile and missile sent in their way curved their trajectories until they ended up inside their maws, where they promptly disappeared.
 "What happened?!"
 "How can all of those projectiles disappear!?"
 "The worms are glowing brighter! They’re feeding off the incoming fire!"
 The mechs soon received orders to cease fire. After failing to make a dent through ranged fire, a few courageous melee mechs flew forward to meet the giant snakes in close combat.
 It quickly turned ugly for the Mech Corps. The mechs hardly thrusted out their swords and spears before the snakes sped up and engulfed the mechs with their transparent bodies.
 This time, the mechs hadn’t disappeared. The snakes passed through the mechs as if they passed through a paper-thin screen. They completely dismissed the mechs that suddenly halted their flights.
 After a few seconds of silence, the mechs lost all of their remaining power and dropped down to the core. The lighter gravity deep underground made the falls appear gentle, but no one knew whether the mechs could still restore its systems or if their pilots were even alive.
 "They devoured all of the energy inside those mechs!"
 "They’re energy eaters!"
 "Not only that, they can eat smaller solid substances as well!"
 Chief Petrisc and the handful of men standing around him quickly summed up the traits of the energy snakes. Their existence couldn’t be understood through a conventional lens. The abundant variety of exotics buried in the Glowing Planet spawned a bizarre form of life that brushed aside a well-equipped platoon of mechs.
 "They’re still heading for the Wrath!"
 Chief Petrisc couldn’t take it any longer. He raised his comm and hailed the bridge. An interference field automatically sprung into being that prevented Ves and any bystanders from eavesdropping on the conversation. Once the chief engineer finished the call, he issued an important order.
 "Polarize the hull!"
 The power reactors cranked up all of their power towards an intricate set of systems that caused the entire exterior of the Wrath to glow. The snakes halted their approach and curved around the Gregarious Wrath’s strange new condition.
 "It worked!" Ves exclaimed.
 "Don’t celebrate too soon. The Wrath can’t stay in this condition for long. It takes a ludicrous amount of energy to maintain this state. I’ll be forced to pull the plug in less than two minutes."
 Polarization was a rare and underdeveloped technology in the Bright Republic. They expended so much energy that only their most important ships could be equipped with this option. Even if the Wrath possessed an abundant amount of energy sources, even those would be drained in record time if the tunneler had to maintain its polarization state.
 Right now, both sides waited patiently. The snakes somehow sent that it took a lot of effort for the Wrath to keep up her polarization, while the crew aboard the Wrath tried to buy enough time for restore Venerable Drake’s mech. Only an expert could save them from the devourers yearning to drain them of their energies.
 Amazingly enough, despite the enormous power draw, the Gregarious Wrath largely held up. Much of the repairs and preventive maintenance done to the tunneler had paid off. Only a couple of auxiliary systems malfunctions as the Wrath strained to keep up its polarization state for two full minutes.
 ’How much longer until the Fire Worm is ready?" Ves asked.
 "They need at least four more minutes! The mech technicians are already rushing their work as it is."
 That was far too much time. As the final seconds approached, everyone aboard the Wrath held their breaths. Eventually, a lot of indicators on the status pane sent out alarms, and Chief Petrisc reluctantly pulled the level that shut off the polarization systems.
 The Gregarious Wrath had dropped her defenses. The devourers already reared up to fly right through her meters-thick hull.
 Close to the final moment before the devourers tore into the Gregarious Wrath, Ves gained a new idea. "Chief! Can the dimensional smoothers be overloaded?"
 "Huh?"
 "The dimensional smoothers that protect us from wrinkles in spacetime! Can their power be cranked up any further?"
 "It’s not that simple!" The chief shook his head. "We borrowed them from the MTA under punishing conditions. If we damage them in any way, there’s hell to pay!"
 "Well, the energy snakes are about to breach inside the Wrath, so I hardly think this is the time to hold back!"
 The chief faced a lot of pressure with this decision. The devourers wouldn’t give him enough time to discuss the option with the captain. His eyes hardened as he decisively took action. His fingers brushed across a couple of options in the projected panel.
 "Let’s see what happens if we dial the power up to a 150 percent!"
 As soon as the dimensional boosters received an influx of excess power, they reacted by emitting vastly empowered restrictive fields. The three dimensional smoothers placed along the length of the Wrath ensured the entire tunneler became covered in this enhanced fields.
 As the snakes finally reared forward, they bumped head-long into the newly empowered field. While they initially kept flying forward, the sakes quickly halted as their bodies warped out of shape.
 "It’s working!" Petrisc shouted with awe. "How did you know that would work?"
 "The devourers look like they have one foot in the material dimensions and another foot in the other dimensions. I figure they are existences that straddle both sides in order to take advantage of their best parts. This kind of semi-corporeal state can only be maintained if there aren’t any barriers between the material dimensions and the upper dimensions."
 In truth, Ves had been thinking of a way to fight back against his ’mother’ if she ever appeared before him again. All those hours of brainstorming eventually produced results, of which Ves applied one of them. The success of his measure strengthened his confidence against the ghost.
 Perhaps his next encounter with his mother wouldn’t turn out to be one-sided.
 The snakes exhibited signs of deep discomfort. Whatever the dimensional smoothers did to solidify the local space, the devourers deeply behaved as if they got scalded by hot water. Only after they shifted back a fair distance did their bodies stop looking like they would fall apart.
 "How long can the dimensional smoothers hold?" Ves asked.
 "Not long. They have in-built safeties that will forcefully regulate their power intake after forty-five seconds."
 "That’s not long enough!"
 "At least you bought us some time. It’s all in the hands of the mech technicians that are putting back the Fire Worm together."
 Ves had no more rabbits to pull out of his hat. Any other measure he could suggest wouldn’t work due to a lack of means. Even his impromptu suggestion to overload the dimensional smoothers had been a fluke as he knew almost nothing about their properties.
 As the seconds passed, the crew of the Wrath prepared for a ruinous outcome. Chief Petrisc ordered the emergency deactivation of all but one of the power reactors, thereby forcing the tunneler to a halt.
 "Ten more seconds to go."
 Sweat poured from Ves as he readied his own countermeasures. He made sure that Lucky stayed nearby before holding his fingers atop his comm. He would instantly activate his stealth module as soon as one of the snakes emerged in the engineering bay.
 Suddenly, the status projection sent out an audible ping.
 "The Fire Worm is ready! Venerable Drake has lifted off!"
 Through a hidden hatch at the rear of the Wrath, a colorful orange mech emerged into the tunnel. Ves scoured his eyes over the frame of the mech and noted that it could only be the Fire Worm.
 The mech appeared to be an aerial striker, though it actually wielded a combination of laser rifles and flamethrowers embedded in its arms. Forces primarily utilized such mechs to harass the rear lines of their enemies and disrupt their supply lines. Only rarely would any force employ aerial strikers in a frontal clash.
 "Aerial strikers don’t have the room to accommodate both their lasers, flamethrowers and flight systems. It takes too much energy and fuel to feed all of these systems." Ves mused.
 However, the rules didn’t apply to expert mechs. As long as a designer applied sufficiently advanced technology, all of those limits could be overcome.
 Naturally, these benefits always came at a ruinous cost. The Mech Corps could only afford to provide these treatment to their rare and valuable expert mech pilots.
 Ves always dreamed of designing a tailored expert mech for one of the Venerables of the Republic. Now, he’d be able to witness one of those mechs in action.
 Despite weighing as much as a medium mech, the Fire Worm accelerated at a rate on par with a light mech. The lighter gravity helped somewhat, but the model’s incredibly powerful systems enabled it to surpass ordinarily limits without any strain.
 It took seconds for Venerable Drake to reach the closest devourer. Chief Petrisc already ceased overloading the dimensional smoothers, so the devourers quickly recovered from their momentary discomfort.
 At the Fire Worm’s approach, the devourer appeared to be alert. Somehow, it detected a high level of energy from the approaching machine. The ethereal snake faced the Fire Worm with a gaping maw, ready to absorb anything it threw in its way.
 The Fire Worm didn’t play by its rules. Venerable Drake held back his fire and flew his mech past the maw in an arcing path. Only after his mech turned around did he open fire.
 His bulky, sophisticated rifle spat out a trio of thick laser beams. They converged upon a single point on the devourer’s surface.
 Ordinarily, such a mighty convergence would have vaporized any mech in the way, but the lasers passed through the body of the snake without any effect.
 While the snake kept turning around to face the Fire Worm, Venerable Drake kept circling around the bewildered devourer while trying to avoid the swiping passes of its two companions. The Fire Worm tried a few different configurations, but none of the lasers left a mark on the snakes.
 It looked like the expert mech pilot had to employ his full strength to tackle this alien menace.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The Fire Worm’s exterior started to glow red as some of its components started to resonate with some unknown influence. Its armor radiated so much energy and heat that Ves had an illusion that the Fire Worm caught fire.
 "The Venerable is getting serious now!"
 The main difference between an advanced mech pilot and an expert mech pilot was that the latter had broken through the limits posed by their genetics.
 A good genetic aptitude only provided potentates with a decent start. Once they reached the pinnacle of advanced mech pilot, they had to evolve beyond the parameters holding back the human race from gaining as much might as the pinnacle alien races in the galaxy.
 Even four-hundred years after the start of the Age of Mechs, humanity couldn’t explain how expert pilots came to be. Ves himself only knew of a couple of traits that empowered them beyond baseline humans.
 The most important of which was that expert mech pilots gained the ability to resonate with exotics. Most exotic materials actually didn’t react very strongly to an expert mech pilots, but a small portion actually reacted very strongly when an expert mech pilot made a connection to those materials.
 This enabled them to bring out the dormant potential hidden deep within these exotics and perform various miracles that often seem like magic. The galactic net was rife with battle recordings where renowned experts pulled off feats such as teleportation and duplication.
 One all-time popular battle recording even showed a single battle in space where over a hundred spaceborn mechs fired their rifles at a motionless expert mech. They thought the expert mech had somehow lost power.
 They were wrong.
 The expert mech woke up just before they pulled their triggers and began to glow in purple. Mystical lines ran through its frame as a concave field came into being.
 By the time the lasers and projectiles reached the expert mech, they stopped and curved around as if they orbited a planet. The attacking mechs quickly got torn down by their own fire.
 Such incredible feats had elevated expert mech pilots to the forefront of human society, even if they didn’t show up in public that much. The more they showed off their talents, the easier it was for their enemies to develop countermeasures.
 Right now, Venerable Drake had no such concerns. The Fire Worm’s glow reached an apex, whereby the energy transferred to the bulky rifle in its arms. A module on rifle glowed resplendently white before the rifle spat out three white-hot beams that carried special qualities.
 This time, the lasers struck the hapless devourer, and carved out a burning hole in his body. The energy snake reared back as if it had almost been decapitated. With surprising speed, the wounded devourer flew back, but the beams kept pumping more hurt into its body.
 The rifle eventually dimmed after two full seconds, but by that time the devourer stopped moving.
 "He did it! He killed the creature!"
 Hope bloomed among the crew. Even though the Fire Worm expended a significant amount of energy to kill off that snake, only two more creatures remained. Despite the initial success, Chief Petrisc held back his smile.
 Ves noted the chief’s reticence. "You don’t believe Venerable Drake can do it?"
 "He’s not a high-tier expert pilot. The Venerable deserves respect for reaching a realm that most can only dream of, but he can only fight on one to ten odds."
 Even expert mech pilots could be classified in tiers. Newer expert pilots could generally beat ten mech pilots at once if they all piloted the same mechs.
 Those that made a lot of progress in practicing their abilities eventually reached the point where a single expert could beat a hundred mechs at once, but only if they piloted a mech tailored to their talents.
 While Venerable Drake piloted a fitting mech, he hadn’t gained enough time to become a top-tier expert pilot. Still, the expert didn’t flinch from his duty. The Fire Worm turned around to face the two devourers that had become enraged at their companion’s death. Their speed grew to the point where the Fire Worm wouldn’t be able to outrace the alien creatures.
 In response, Venerable Drake resonated with his mech again. The Fire Worm regained its energetic glow, but this time it acquired a scarlet tint. The mech calmly holstered the rifle onto its back before extending its two arms.
 The two devourers tried to be clever and split up to attack the Fire Worm from both sides. Venerable Drake therefore responded by aiming the muzzles of his mech’s flamethrowers in their direction. As soon as the devourers came within effective range, the energy converged into the wrists where the muzzles of the flamethrowers rested.
 Then, they spat out fire.
 Two humongous gouts of flame extended more than a hundred meters from the flamethrowers. Even an entire corvette would be enveloped by the gigantic scarlet flames!
 Once the flamethrowers ceased their operation, the flames died out, leaving nothing but broken creatures in their wake. The snakes slowly drifted down to the core now that their semi-corporeal bodily functions stopped working.
 The Fire Worrm massacred the energy life forms with contemptuous ease.
 Inside the engineering bay, Chief Petrisc sighed in relief. "It’s a good thing those indigenous life forms don’t seem all that strong. They can be killed as long as we have the right tools."
 With Venerable Drake and his Fire Worm on standby, the Gregarious Wrath wouldn’t have to worry about being beset by the strange creatures.
 The journey to the center of the Glowing Planet was back on track.
 The sight of an expert pilot in action greatly inspired Ves. Though he’d seen plenty of archival footage and exaggerated drama depictions of expert mechs, seeing one so close and in such detail exhilarated him like nothing else.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Nevertheless, Ves would never have the opportunity to design an expert mech any time soon. The development of each mech relied on restricted technologies with regards to integrating resonating exotics into various components.
 For example, at a minimum, the Fire Worm’s armor, power reactor, energy cells and internal architecture had received massive enhancements in order to channel so much energy at once. Ves had no clue how to go about designing a mech that could accomplish a fraction of what the Fire Worm exhibited.
 In the mech industry, anyone who wanted to design a customized mech for an expert pilot had to be a Journeyman Mech Designer at a minimum. In practice, Senior Mech Designers always took charge over the development of expert mechs. The difficulty of nurturing expert pilots insured they always received some of the best treatment available.
 "Did you understand how the Fire Worm is able to hurt those energy creatures?" Ves asked Chief Petrisc.
 "Nope. Not a clue."
 This left the deep mining expedition in an awkward state. The Gregarious Wrath and her contingent of mechs remained helpless against any further incursions by the same species of aliens. They had only reached the edge of the core and already they faced three of the beasts at once.
 What would happen if ten of them came? Or twenty?
 The sudden appearance of indigenous life forms forced the Mech Corps to curtail their plans of branching out. With only one mech capable of fighting back against the worms, the Mech Corps wouldn’t be able to send out smaller tunnelers and mining machines on their own.
 After a couple of hours of formulating new plans, the captain of the Gregarious Wrath finally ordered the massive beast to continue to borrow towards the center. The Wrath would be taking the lead after all.
 Over the next couple of days, the Wrath kept encountering packs of devourers once every few hours. Their threat forced Venerable Drake to remain awake and alert in order beat them back before they inflicted catastrophic damage on the giant tunneler. Naturally, the rest of the crew also had to stay on their toes.
 Even then, the men and women aboard the Gregarious Wrath never slacked off on their duties. They had been through worse, so staying alert for so long hardly fazed them at all. Even Drake could go without sleep for a few days with the help of stimulants.
 They made fair progress into the core. This time, a dozen smaller mining machines followed the Wrath in her wake. Anytime their mineral scanners detected a promising signal, they dug the side walls until they dug out traces of Rorach’s Bone or some other highly active exotic. With these activities alone, this deep mining expedition had already turned a profit.
 Still, the largest piece of Rorach’s Bone that the mining machines had uncovered was only as large as a fingertip. That obviously didn’t satisfy the System’s greedy demands.
 As Ves gradually inched closer to his goal, up on the surface, the Glowing Planet had turned into a true battlefield. The amount of mechs that perished at the hands of others had surpassed ten-thousand and began to approach twenty-thousand.
 The struggle to occupy the juiciest territories with the richest deposits of high-grade exotics prompted many smaller outfits to fight among themselves. Groups with greater forces relied on their deterrent factor to discourage most fights before they started, but sometimes greed overtook common sense.
 The Mech Corps occupied the most valuable red zone on the Glowing Planet, so they also happened to draw the most powerful of these reckless groups. Highly fanatical pirates under the lead of the Dragons of the Void kept chipping away at the Mech Corps.
 This in turn had put a huge burden on the gangs and mercenary corps that settled at the edge of the red zone. As the first line of defense, they often had to take the brunt of the pirate attacks. Attrition had reached an unsustainable level and some outfits even lost eighty percent of their mechs.
 At this point in time, the Mech Corps had ceded a third of their territory. The bases painstakingly constructed by the Blood Claws and Walter’s Whalers had to be abandoned upon pulling back the defensive lines.
 While the Blood Claws only lost around forty percent of their mechs, the Whalers had ceased to become an effective standalone force. Whatever mechs they retained could hardly be relied on to stand in the frontlines as years of lackluster maintenance and shoddy procurement caught up to them. Only a handful of their elites continued to operate under the banners of the much-diminished Blood Claws.
 Right now, the Mech Corps fended off the latest thrust of opportunistic pirates. This time, the Dragons of the Void somehow roped in a couple of mercenary outfits to join in their thrust, so the battle became especially frigid as mercs always displayed more competence on the field.
 "This is ridiculous! How many mechs have the Dragons thrown away? How is any of this worth it?!" Raella huffed as her mech expertly darted around a mercenary knight. The enemy mech deftly turned to keep her beaten-up Sliverath from stabbing it in the back.
 This turned out to be a trap as Fadah’s Blackbeak charged in from its rear. The merc detected the approach and panicked. In his attempt to dodge both, a volley of lasers struck the knight in the sword arm, causing its grip to loosen enough for the Blackbeak to bash it out of reach.
 Without exchanging any words, Raella moved in and together with Fadah pressured the weaponless knight from both sides. While the merc held off the two-pronged assault with his knight’s single shield, it started to accumulate more and more damage whenever he slipped up.
 "Now!"
 The Sliverath dove forward with two upraised daggers. Before the knight could adjust, the Blackbeak locked its shield with its own, preventing it from maneuvering it elsewhere.
 SHUNK!
 The daggers stabbed into the knight’s back and sank in deep. Even though its boasted decent rear armor, Raella had put her mech’s entire momentum into the double blow. The knight lost all power and sank down into a heap.
 "These mercs are a tough nut to crack." Raella remarked.
 Fadah agreed. "I don’t know how much they’re getting paid, but this is ridiculous. We dismantled an entire squad and they’re still not running away."
 The battle still raged on at the center of the gates, which had already been torn down by the concerted efforts of the pirates and mechs. To be honest, the outfits in the employ of the Mech Corps only played a side role in this battle. Their job was to hold the flanks and prevent the pirates from sneaking in the base from another direction.
 "Tch. My mech won’t hold out for long." Raella cursed as she checked the status readouts of her Sliverath. Constant battle and accumulation of battle damage had stretched its integrity to its limits. "I think I’ll have to bow out soon."
 "No problem. I can take care of the rest with Dietrich." Fadah replied with quiet confidence.
 Of the two, Fadah had taken down twice as many mechs. Even the Blood Claws acknowledged his skill and considered him the strongest mech pilot after Walter.
 In truth, Fadah owed much of his success to the Blackbeak. The highly modified offensive knight had turned into a terror on the battlefield. Even if it had a tendency to build up too much heat in this airless environment, the Blackbeak always bounced back after each round of repairs. Its true worth as a durable mech started to shine through.
 The Blackbeak’s excellent performance helped stabilize the lines and prevent the pirates from threatening the base from another direction.
 Up in space, the Mech Corps long lost any hope of maintaining orbital supremacy. The only upside was that no other force had been able to secure the orbit for themselves as well. So many different factions angled for control over the skies above the Glowing Planet that they’d all gang up on anyone who wanted to monopolize the benefits to themselves.
 This led to a rather tense standoff as nobody wanted to provoke a needless fight. Even if they won a single battle, they’d lose so many mechs and ships that they had become worse off than before. Knocking off one single group among hundreds hardly reduced the threat the victor faced.
 Ghanso Larkinson gloomily kept his eyes on the plot as his new mech continued to patrol around a small formation of fleet carriers. After he recovered from his first loss, he’d been transferred to another squad and put into a spare mech, which happened to be a copy of the old baseline Vhedra design.
 The Vhedra suited him better than the S variant. His previous narrow escape against a foreign faction’s expert pilot hadn’t dimmed his enthusiasm for piloting mechs. Instead, it sparked a fire within him, prompting him to become much more focused in his training to be a better mech pilot.
 "I won’t let your death be in vain, Alex." He whispered to himself as his mech continued its patrol alongside the rest of his squad.
 He already distinguished himself by taking down seven mechs since his reassignment. Ever since he broke past his limits and managed to score a hit against the enemy expert mech, Ghanso found that his accuracy against moving targets had improved by leaps and bounds. Even the swiftest light mechs couldn’t escape his retribution.
 "Larkinson! You’re drifting away! Get back in formation!"
 "Yes, sir!"
 For now, the Mech Corps maintained a sufficient hold onto the red zone, but whether they could get away with the haul they’ve made so far was still in question.
 Nevertheless, Ves cared for none of those concerns, as the Gregarious Wrath finally reached a sufficient depth where they encountered vastly more traces of Rorach’s Bone.
 In fact, he sensed it before anyone else because strange waves resonated with his sixth sense. Over the past couple of days, Ves realized that some of the secrets of Rorach’s Bone had to do with their ability to amplify the resonance of any component. This was actually considered an even more valuable trait than its ability to self-repair.
 The importance placed on resonance made Ves suspect that it had something in common with the sixth sense. Even if expert mech pilots didn’t gain his sensitivity regarding the sixth sense, they still gained the ability to affect resonating exotics with their mind and will.
 "It’s an entirely different application of metaphysics."
 Besides working on a common set of wavelengths and energy, Ves realized that expert mech pilots applied their enhanced powers in a different fashion. Whereas Ves focused on creating the imaginary and bringing them to life, the mech pilots exerted their influence directly in the material dimensions to accomplish immediate effects.
 His presence aboard the Gregarious Wrath enabled him to learn a lot on things he wasn’t supposed to learn yet. Apprentice Mech Designers should focus on polishing their foundations.
 "I can see why that’s prudent. The amount of knowledge needed to work on something as mythical as Rorach’s Bone alone is astounding."
 Even if Ves had no chance of designing an expert mech on his own, the added knowledge enhanced his understanding of metaphysics. This is turn improved his ability to imbue the X-Factor into a design.
 He even came up with a certain guess that his abilities would improve with the help of a resonating exotic.
 In any case, the Gregarious Wrath slowed her digging once the researchers determined they had reached their goal. They had dug so deep into the Glowing Planet that they had come across the likely origin point of the Rorach’s Bone they had found so far.
 They had reached the fabled boneyard.
 This deep inside the Glowing Planet, things started to get weird, especially when they entered the boneyard. The increased density of naturally-formed resonating exotics caused everyone to feel as if they took a dive into a lukewarm bath.
 The pressure they felt could solely be felt in their minds. No matter how much they shielded their bodies, they couldn’t escape the pervasive thrum of power that radiated off the pieces of Rorach’s Bone.
 In that regard, the mining machines had a field day excavating all of the trace materials. Picking up a couple of milligrams here and there became as easy as breathing water. However, the Mech Corps ceased to care about these scraps and started to hunger for larger samples of Rorach’s Bone.
 The larger the piece, the better its potential. A thousand pinches of Rorach’s Bone couldn’t hold a candle to a single fingertip-sized sample. Most of the mining machines focused on seeking even larger samples of Rorach’s Bone.
 Eventually, they hadn’t managed to find anything notable before trouble came knocking at their door. Everyone aboard the Gregarious Wrath ran to their stations when an alarm rang out. The Wrath’s long-ranged sensors detected a massive energy signal approaching their position.
 "It’s a devourer king!" Chief Petrisc exclaimed as the researchers finished analyzing the readings. "According to the projections, this beast is ten times as large as a regular devourer!"
 Ves had been afraid of this. While Venerable Drake easily mopped up the regular devourers, they never faced the true tyrants of the core of the Glowing Planet.
 The Gregarious Wrath prepared for a hard fight. Every other mining vehicle swiftly retreated upwards while the Wrath moved so that her mechs had room to fight, not that anyone expected the regular mechs to hurt the devourers.
 Through constant battle, the Mech Corps learned that the devourers were attracted to energy sources. In this case, the otherwise useless mechs at least served as bait.
 "Ten seconds until the devourer king is in sight!"
 The creature finally emerged from the walls of the core. The gigantic snake was at least half as large as the Gregarious Wrath. However, when it opened its endless maw in a challenge, it stretched wide enough to engulf the tunneler in a single gulp.
 No one could imagine the extent of the damage should that happen. They had to stop the devourer king in its tracks.
 "Are the dimensional smoothers ready to be overloaded?" Chief Petrisc asked an engineer in charge of keeping them safe.
 "They’re still recovering from the last time we stressed them out. We only have a twenty-eight second allowance this time. Any longer and they’ll automatically return to normal levels."
 That didn’t sound very good. If this devourer king put up a decent fight against their expert pilot, then the Wrath might not escape unscathed this time.
 "Do we have any other countermeasures against the energy beings?"
 "None..."
 Even after many days of experimentation, the Gregarious Wrath remained as helpless before the devourers. Nothing could stop their advance except with the help of the effects stirred by resonating exotics. Out of the thousands of people in the deep mining expedition, only the Venerable possessed the ability to do so.
 The Fire Worm emerged from the rear of the Wrath as flamboyantly as always. The mech’s oversized flight systems pushed the aerial striker forward in a direct confrontation with the incoming worm. The mech had already started accumulating energy inside the Wrath.
 All of that poured into the rifle held in the Fire Worm’s arms. After a short moment where the energies piled up inside the rifle, the weapon spat out three bright lances of lasers.
 The beams instantly struck the giant devourer’s maw, which strained to absorb the destructive energies.
 "The devourer king is hurting!"
 "It’s not enough." Ves shook his head. He worryingly held Lucky in his arms. "The maw is the strongest part of a devourer!"
 Indeed, the triple laser beams hadn’t been able to inflict any notable damage other than giving the devourer some belly aches. After the Fire Worm expended all of the energy it accumulated in the rifle, started to charge its second set of armaments.
 As the devourer king slowly inched up the tunnel with its maw opened wide, the Fire Worm released its most destructive blast of firepower. Two massives flares of flame almost engulfed the entire maw. The two flamethrowers continued to project streams of augmented flames until they finally ran out of energy.
 "It’s still alive!"
 Amazingly, the devourer king survived, though it hadn’t escaped unscathed this time. The flames had been so intense that it forced the energy being to shut its maw. This allowed some of the flames to scorch the devourer’s semi-corporeal exterior, inflicting severe burn damage to its front.
 The devourer king became enraged. Just as Venerable Drake began to charge his mech yet again, the creature did something none of the stupid devourers had done.
 The king dove through the tunnel and into the bedrock.
 "Damn! This organism grasped our weakness!"
 The fact of the matter was that the Fire Worm could only fight inside the tunnel. As much as Venerable Drake would like to, he couldn’t turn his mech into a ghost and chase after the devourer king.
 This single move had completely negated their only advantage!
 On the sensor plot, the signal emitted by the devourer king followed a looping path that brought it straight towards the side of the Gregarious Wrath.
 "Overload the dimensional smoothers!"
 The Wrath groaned as she pumped an abundance over power into the three devices the Mech Corps borrowed from the MTA. Everyone held their breaths. At least they bought some time for themselves to figure out a solution.
 At least that was what they thought.
 As the incoming signal came close, the devourer king emerged from the wall and sunk into the hull of the Gregarious Wrath. The creature had withstood the effects of the overloaded dimensional smoothers!
 Countless alarms blared out and the status projection highlighted portions of the Wrath in an alarming shade of red.
 "We’re hit! We’ve lost telemetry of the middle starboard side of decks eleven to twenty-six!"
 The devourer king retreated after it made the attack. The dimensional smoothers still worked to deter the creature, but only after it came near to one of the devices.
 "The creature has a much higher tolerance to the dimensional smoothers! We aren’t able to cover the entire length of the Wrath with only three devices!"
 The devourer king attacked the giant tunneling machine twice, each them taking a bite out of the affected sections. Everything in its sphere of influence that ran on power turned into useless scrap, while every man or woman turned into braindead idiots as if they had their lives sapped out of them. Despite the lack of physical damage, the energy being had virtually annihilated a large swathe of the Wrath.
 "Where is the Fire Worm?"
 "He just reentered the Wrath, but he won’t be able to tell where to go!"
 The devourer king cunningly swirled around the Gregarious Wrath after each attack. This prevented it from being pinned down and minimized its chances of meeting the Fire Worm.
 Ves felt his heart begin to thud like a drum. The Mech Corps truly possessed no other means to fight against this deadly creature. He thought they might have hidden away a trump card or two, but it turned out they didn’t have any other means to fight against an energy beings. They were just so rare in the galaxy and had never shown up in the Komodo Star Sector before.
 He began to think of an exit strategy. Ves had no faith that the Fire Worm could take down the king before it could engulf the entire Wrath. He quietly stepped back from Chief Petrisc’s side and eyed the exit hatch.
 "The dimensional smoothers activated their safeguards! We can’t overload them anymore!"
 That was very bad news. The Gregarious Wrath’s only form of deterrence against the devourer king lost much of its effectiveness. The devourer king evidently sensed this change. It ceased to attack an unimportant corner of the Wrath and dove straight for the power reactors in the rear engineering bay.
 "It’s coming straight for us!"
 The devourer king easily endured the weaker dimensional stabilization field emitted by the smoother and dove deeper into the Wrath. Hundreds of crewmen lost their lives as the monstrous creature passed through their bodies. The Wrath herself ceased to move as she sustained too much damage.
 Ves didn’t have the opportunity to run. Everything happened so quickly that he could barely take a few steps away from the main control panel. Just a second later, a part of the transparent form of the devourer king emerged from the roof of the engineering bay.
 A few armed crewmen shot their weapons at the approaching maw of doom but accomplished nothing at all. Others screamed, panicked or cried. Chief Petrisc faced his approached his impending death with an impassive face.
 Just when all seemed certain, Lucky jumped out of Ves’ grasp. The cat turned into a silver streak that bumped straight into the blackish map of the devourer. Upon reaching it, Lucky activated a supercharged version of his energy claws and tore a small hole out of the abyss.
 Somehow, this minor action stopped the massive energy creature. Lucky fell back down in an exhausted state.
 "Lucky!" Ves called and ran after his cat who collapsed on the deck. "Are you okay?!"
 "Meow..."
 Lucky appeared much dimmer than before. He even lost some of his silver luster. Yet his single act of defiance had saved them all from imminent death. The devourer king sustained so much damage that it had been pushed back a couple of decks. Still, the wound only hurt it slightly. The monster hadn’t sustained any actual damage.
 However, before it could make another attempt at devouring the power reactors, the Fire Worm finally reached the right compartment to attack the devourer. It instantly fired off its laser rifle against the devourer’s side.
 This time, the lasers hit home on the creature. The lasers burned aside the monster’s thick exterior and dealt severe internal damage. The devourer became so hurt that it started to rear back from the Wrath, but Venerable Drake didn’t let go of his prey.
 Without thinking of the consequences, the Fire Worm fired off a single enhanced flame strike. It burned the entire deck into crisp and cremated all of the bodies that had died from being passed through by the devourer.
 The flames bore through the gap burned by the laser and inflicted an even greater level of internal damage. The flames burned so hot that the surrounding compartments melted apart.
 The devourer king finally couldn’t take it anymore. The creature burned from inside out and finally let out a final inaudible roar before it ceased to move.
 Moments after that, its ethereal form fragmented into pieces and drifted out of the tunneler. The devourer king had been slain.
 No one celebrated the victory this time. The Wrath suffered grievous damage to the point of crippling her in place. Getting her back in a barely functional state required a lot of emergency repairs. With their time on the Glowing Planet running out, the Mech Corps had to race against all odds to retrieve the Gregarious Wrath.
 In the meantime, Ves hugged Lucky tight against his chest. "I don’t know what you just did, but I’ll be sure to pay you back what you lost! I’ll get the Mech Corps to feed you some Rorach’s Bone if I have to!"
 "Meow!" Lucky already perked up when he heard those words. The gem cat already started to salivate at the thought of munching on some of those extremely delicious exotics.
 Ves had no doubt the Mech Corps would acquiesce on this issue. After all, everyone in the engineering bay witnessed Lucky’s feat. Without his timely assistance, the Gregarious Wrath would have truly become stranded deep inside the Glowing Planet. As long as the engineering bay remained intact, the Wrath could still regain her mobility.
 Chief Petrisc approached Ves with a touch of awe. "When I saw you being followed by a mechanical cat, I didn’t think it hid such capabilities."
 "What can I say? He’s a marvel of Rubarthan engineering." Ves lightly boasted. He wanted to intimate that his pet came from a first-rate superstate. Only they could turn a mechanical pet into a killing machine that was capable of harming energy beings. "I hope the Mech Corps doesn’t have any intentions for my pet."
 "Don’t worry! I’m sure command can keep their greedy hands off your property. We aren’t that desperate to steal your cat. Besides, we won’t be able to beat its loyalty programming anyway."
 That lifted off a weight off Ves.
 The devourer king suffered the same fate as its lesser brothers, but the price hadn’t been worth it. The creature managed to wound the Gregarious Wrath severely. Over twenty percent of her systems and crew had been lost, stranding the giant tunneling machine near the inner core of the Glowing Planet.
 Who knew if more devourer kings rested deeper inside. What if an even larger devourer emperor rested in the exact center? The Gregarious Wrath couldn’t take on another devourer king even if she wanted to, so the entire deep mining expedition stopped advancing deeper.
 While the smaller tunneling and mining machines started excavating the Rorach’s Bone buried in the vicinity, everyone aboard the Wrath began to help with the repairs.
 They only had a few days to get the Wrath functional again. The end of the seventy-day period loomed closer and the Mech Corps started to plan for a comprehensive evacuation. The Wrath needed at least a couple more days to climb back up to the surface.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Meanwhile Ves or rather Lucky became the star of the show. No one expected the small and cute mechanical pet that always hung around Ves to hide such potent capabilities. Even Ves himself didn’t know that Lucky could harm energy beings!
 "Lucky!" Ves held his dim cat in front of his face. "Why didn’t you help me fend off my mother? You could have chased her away at the very least!"
 "Meow."
 Ever since he repelled the huge devourer king, Lucky turned almost lifeless, as if he expended all of the energy he accumulated ever since he stepped on the Glowing Planet.
 "Next time my mother comes, don’t sit around like a helpless kitten. Just swipe her face with your claws!"
 "Meow..."
 Ves sighed. He couldn’t stay angry at his cat, especially since he saved his life yet again. Right now, he wanted to make sure that Lucky got rewarded for his services.
 The entire crew aboard the Gregarious Wrath looked at Lucky with a new light. Some wanted to pick him up and hug him, while others gripped their holstered pistols tighter. Pretty much everyone took for granted that Lucky was an extravagant bodyguard pet from a first-rate superstate. Many people envied Ves for owning such an exclusive gift.
 "We’ve almost reached the vault." Chief Petrisc told Ves as their lifter platform almost reached the center of the Wrath. "Now, don’t misunderstand. You aren’t there to take anything away. You’re only tasked with inspecting the security systems for any damage accrued from the last attack. Return as soon as you’ve run over the systems."
 "Understood."
 "One more thing. The devourer king’s attack has wiped out a lot of archival data, including the logs pertaining to the vault. Please take stock of the inventory while you are there. Of course, you’re not allowed to take anything away. We will conduct a strict search when you enter and exit the vault, so don’t think you can sneak anything past our guards."
 "No problem, chief. I’ll make sure not a hair is out of place."
 They reached the highly-fortified vault doors. Two mechs stood at the sides, one of which pointed its laser rifle at Ves.
 "Don’t be alarmed, Ves. Any guest we bring to the vault receives the same treatment."
 Though it unnerved Ves to be pointed at by a mech-sized weapon, he could tell that the rifle’s safeties hadn’t been disengaged. He nodded to show his understanding and let the chief bring him up to the checkpoint where a squad of exoskeleton-suited guards awaited their arrival.
 After Ves and Lucky underwent a thorough search, the vault doors slowly retracted, revealing a clean metallic chamber filled with small, head-sized storage compartments.
 "There are over ten-thousand different safes inside this vault, of which more than a third are filled with samples of Rorach’s Bone or something else of extreme value. Due to the recent attack, we aren’t quite sure how much are left. What if the devourer king ate them all? Here’s a pass to open the safes. It will only work for the next four hours, so you better move quickly."
 Once Ves received the pass that enabled him to open the safes, he entered the vault with Lucky, upon which the doors slowly closed again.
 He was finally left alone. "Okay buddy, this is your Lucky day."
 The first thing he did was to disable the sensors and monitoring systems. Ordinarily, such an act couldn’t be done by himself, but the crew of the ship had already disabled various systems related to the vault’s security throughout the Wrath. Ves only had to expose some control panels and unplug some wires he memorized beforehand.
 Every monitoring and security system inside the vault turned off. Ves grinned once he confirmed that nothing stood in his way from robbing, ahem, inspecting the vault.
 "Alright Lucky, let’s take stock of the inventory and see how much the devourer king swallowed its contents."
 "Meow!"
 Ves approached a random row of safes and swiped his pass over one of them. The safe box opened up to reveal a floating, eyeball-sized exotic mineral of unknown properties. It wasn’t Rorach’s Bone, but it must be valuable if the Mech Corps stored it inside the vault.
 After a few seconds of consideration, Ves drew his card and swiped it in front of the safe before flipping it over his shoulder. The antigrav modules holding the ore aloft in the center of the safe pushed the ore out of the safe, upon which Lucky jumped up and caught it between his paws.
 While Lucky enthusiastically devoured the highly valuable exotic like he’d been starved for months, Ves swiped his card downwards, prompting the emptied safe to lock itself up.
 "Alright, this safe is empty. Let me note that in my log. Done. Let’s move on to the next one."
 Ves casually walked down the rows, opening up each and every safe to see whether they held anything of value. Sometimes the safes contained nothing, but most often they contained small amounts of Rorach’s Bone. The Mech Corps must have stored every piece of Rorach’s Bone larger than a pinch inside these safes.
 Right now, all of it happened to be within his grasp.
 Chief Petrisc hadn’t given Ves the opportunity to ’inspect’ the vault out of a whim. In truth, high command had been dragging their feet with regards to allowing Ves to take his fair share.
 He even heard rumors that some in command wanted to keep the largest pieces to themselves. After all, a hand-sized piece of Rorach’s Bone was the creme de la creme.
 Their refusals reminded Ves that the people who ran the Mech Corps prioritized their own benefits over anyone else’s. A small figure like Ves didn’t register on their radar.
 Perhaps out of guilt or out of a sense of obligation, the captain turned a blind eye to those directives. Instead, he allowed Chief Petrisc to come up with this convoluted scheme to allow Ves to take what he wanted from the vault.
 Even though a couple of people knew about the scheme, they all owed their lives to Lucky. Besides showing their gratitude, they also allowed Lucky to munch on the exotics because they needed him to regain his strength.
 What if another devourer king came? What if Venerable Drake couldn’t stop it from submerging into the bedrock again? The Wrath had become even more of a sitting duck to the cripping damage she sustained in the last attack. They couldn’t even overload the dimensional smoothers anymore, as additional safeties had set that restricted any further rough treatment.
 Thus, Lucky became their only hope of buying enough time for Venerable Drake to come to their rescue. Not that high command agreed. They simply didn’t believe that Lucky alone repelled a gigantic devourer worm half the size of the Gregarious Wrath.
 In any case, Ves didn’t take their refusal to heart, because he would have received a couple of scraps for a reward. "It’s good to be king for a day."
 As he passed through the vaults, Ves threw out anything that looked promising as long as Lucky finished processing his earlier meals.
 As soon as Lucky figured out this pattern, he ceased to chew the minerals for enjoyment and began to focus on breaking them down as fast as possible. His energy claws along with his incredibly strong and sharp teeth ensured he never needed to spend more than a minute to break down a chunk.
 The cat kept inhaling the pieces as long as they fit his gullet. Evidently, Lucky didn’t have to worry too much about his digestion. As soon as the ores ended up in his stomach, they ceased to be a concern.
 After feeding Lucky with more than a dozen chunks of Rorach’s Bone and other curiosities, Lucky regained his usual vigor. His eyes sparkled like gemstones and his silvery exterior took on a shiny sheen. The gaps between his exterior plating glowed so brightly that it resembled plasma.
 "Keep eating, Lucky. This is a once-in-a-decade opportunity for you. I’d have to sell countless mechs to afford this much Rorach’s Bone."
 In actuality, exotics of these grades couldn’t be found in the open market, especially in the resource-deprived galactic rim.
 Ves sighed at the thought of all of the riches the Glowing Planet still held. The Mech Corps only retrieved a fraction of its bountiful wealth. The rest would be handed over to the Hegemony and the Coalition once the seventy-day deadline had passed.
 "Even with such a generous window of time, they’ll still end up with more than ninety-nine percent of the wealth."
 It sounded so unfair, but that was the privilege of power. The second-rate states only had to wave a single hand to wipe out the Bright Republic.
 "C’mon Lucky, eat faster!"
 Lucky underwent a subtle as Ves kept feeding him with medium-grade Rorach’s Bone. His entire surface rippled as if his metallic body became pliable. Ves had the sense that Lucky didn’t just convert the Rorach’s Bone to pure energy.
 His gem cat somehow incorporated their properties to his body.
 Ves became happier when he realized that Lucky grew stronger. He especially looked forward to seeing the self-repair properties of Rorach’s Bone in action.
 "Keep eating. The stronger you are, the better you’ll be able to protect me."
 When they reached halfway, Ves tossed about five percent of the contents of the safes to Lucky. He didn’t dare grab a larger share and prompt the Mech Corps to launch an investigation.
 A five percent loss should be unremarkable enough for some doddering bureaucrat to dismiss the report as a natural consequence from being attacked by a giant semi-corporeal snake.
 Once Ves swiped his card for the umpteenth time, a safe opened up to reveal the largest piece of Rorach’s Bone to date.
 It was about half as large as his head.
 "They did find a piece!"
 The Mech Corps never intimated to Ves that they dug up a piece of high-grade Rorach’s Bone. The chunk floating in front of him was the most priceless piece of exotic he had ever come across since he arrived at the Glowing Planet.
 Ves turned his head to peek at Lucky. His cat eyed the high-grade Rorach’s Bone with sparkling, hungry eyes.
 "This is mine!" He told his cat, and quickly opened up an adjacent safe and threw a smaller piece of Rorach’s Bone to Lucky.
 Even if Lucky hungered for the large ball of bone, he still couldn’t resist a meal that landed right in front of him. Sometimes he could be simple-minded in this way. Ves let out a deep breath once he saw he successfully diverted Lucky’s attention.
 With heated eyes, Ves retrieved a pair of special gloves from his suit pocket and put them over his hands. He then reached out to grab for the ore. After months of work and avoiding almost-certain death, he finally reached the end of his mission.
 As his hands almost reached the ore, a third hand reached out and pulled the ore out of his reach.
 "What the?"
 Ves turned to face the one thing he never wanted to meet again. His mother’s ghost. "You!"
 "Hello, my son." His mother smiled at him as she held the high-grade ore. "You have been a naughty boy. This does not belong to you."
 "Damn ghost!" Ves cursed and turned to Lucky. "C’mon buddy, the ghost is here! Attack!"
 He expected his pet to pounce on the ghost and scratch out her face just like he scratched the devourer king’s maw.
 He did not expect Lucky to ignore him outright and keep on munching at his latest dish.
 "Lucky!"
 His mother’s smile took on a knowing edge. "Have you forgotten where you obtained him in the first place?"
 The System gifted Lucky to Ves shortly after he received it. The System came from his father, which meant...
 His mother snapped her fingers. "Come here."
 Lucky suddenly ceased his munching and slinked over to his mother, bypassing Ves as if he didn’t exist. As soon as he reached her legs, he brushed his body against them as if his mother was his owner.
 Ves felt betrayed.
 "So my son has named you Lucky, has he? That is a fine name for a creature such as you." His mother remarked as she bent down to pet his back. "I see he has been treating you well."
 He already felt a tug from his recently recovered internal energy cycle. His mother didn’t hold back from harming her own son.
 "You’re not my mother!" He hissed. "Stop pretending you’re her!"
 His words fell on deaf ears. Lucky kept acting cute in his mother’s presence while the witch herself looked at Ves like he turned into a three-year old kid who was having a tantrum.
 "Ves, I am not your enemy. I am your mother. I can never hurt my own flesh and blood."
 "Then what about your presence and your life-sucking aura?! You’re draining me even as we speak!" He replied and backed away. He even tried to retrieve his laser pistol, only to remember he handed over the weapon to the guards just outside the vault.
 The extra distance helped, but Ves quickly bumped into a wall of safes. He had nowhere else to go as his mother drifted forward as if she didn’t have a care in the world.
 The drain quickly picked up, and Ves started to lose a significant amount of internal energy. Even though he had no clue of its use, he didn’t wish to give it all away to an indigenous monster from the Glowing Planet.
 Sadly, his only means of fending her off had just rolled over to show his belly to her. His mother reached down to scratch Lucky’s chin. Who was his real owner here?!
 "Oh Ves, poor Ves, you understand so little." His mother tutted as she hovered closer. "You keep lying to yourself, but you can’t deny what your heart is telling you. It is time for you to grow up."
 Even as she spoke those words, the drain accelerated to the point where Ves lost control over his body. This encounter happened in the exact same manner as the last two times. He really grew sick of facing energy beings!
 His mother must have been aware of how Ves started to grow feeble. "My time grows short. Just know that I am glad to see you healthy, and wish you don’t risk your life anymore. I have lost many friends and family in the last war. Not even mech designers are safe."
 "Go away..."
 "I will see you again, Ves." She whispered, and her body started to fade out of existence.
 The only problem was that she took the high-grade ore with her. Somehow, the Rorach’s Bone broke apart under her grip and swirled around his mother’s increasingly translucent body. Her ghost-like form radiated like liquid silver and for a moment, Ves though she had turned fully corporeal.
 Then, she faded away, leaving nothing of her trace behind.
 Ves collapsed onto the deck. He breathed deeply as he tried to cope with the increasingly familiar sense of weakness. The ghost had leached from him again, and this time she stole his mission reward as well!
 "Damn her!" Ves vented and banged his fist against the deck.
 Lucky obliviously climbed up to his feet and padded over to Ves. He curiously bumped his forepaw against Ves.
 "What a great help you’ve been."
 "Meow." Lucky made a gesture that indicated he wanted to feed again.
 "Really now. Do you think I’m in the mood to feed you when you’ve just turned your back on me?"
 "Meow!"
 Ves tried to ignore his pet, but couldn’t. Lucky had a way of worming into his heart. Despite his sudden betrayal, he didn’t fault his cat. He must have been programmed to recognize his mother. His friend-and-foe identification must have grown confused, and like the simple-minded machine that he was, Lucky prioritized his mother over her son.
 The entire encounter revealed a lot about Lucky. As much as Ves had grown to love his feline companion, he had no clue how he worked and what kind of programming dictated his behavior.
 He supposed he should be growing paranoid about Lucky. After all, his cat did betray him just then. Yet Ves had truly become attached to Lucky and considered him a part of his family. He really didn’t want to part with his pet.
 "Oh alright. You can stay with me, but you better not defect again next time!"
 Ves still had a lot of safes to go through before his pass expired. He wanted to make the most out of the opportunities he obtained and didn’t let his mother’s impromptu visit ruin his plans.
 Most eagerly, Ves wanted to go through the remaining safes quickly and find another high-grade Rorach’s Bone. His mother already snatched the only specimen he found so far. He dearly hoped the Mech Corps stored another similarly-sized sample in this vault.
 "Not here. Nope. Too small. Nothing here. Heavens, nothing again!"
 Even as he rapidly opened up the safes, he found nothing that could match the splendor of the high-grade Rorach’s Bone. He only came across medium-grade bones or unknown curiosities that held little significance to his mission. He chucked some of them out to Lucky and continued to check the other safes.
 By the end of the eight-hour period, his pass dissolved into air. Ves raced to open every safe within the time limit, but his efforts failed to yield what he desired most. The vault only held one high-grade Rorach’s Bone and his mother had taken it away!
 "Stupid ghost!"
 After cursing out the thieving ghost for a minute, Ves finally gave up. In low spirits, he began to finish his cursory inspection of the vault before he knocked the armored door. It slowly retracted, allowing Ves and Lucky to depart the vault.
 "Did you have a good haul, sir?" A security officer asked as he searched through his pockets.
 "Oh. Yeah. A good haul."
 "Your pet looks a lot healthier now."
 Lucky acted like he never did anything wrong. His newly invigorated state even brought back his playfulness. He chased around and pestered the security guards like any other regular cat.
 Once the inspection ended, Ves headed straight back towards his bunk, though he also made a stop at the mess haul to retrieve a nutrient bar. He needed to regain some energy fast, so he didn’t care for the nutrient bar’s awful taste.
 As he laid down on his bunk, Ves considered his next option. He couldn’t return empty-handed. The System’s penalty was too severe for him to bear.
 "The crew of the Gregarious Wrath will think I’ve already fed the high-grade ore to Lucky. I won’t be able to ask for another one, not when it holds so much value."
 He couldn’t just walk up to Chief Petrisc and say he slipped up and let a ghost that pretended to be his long-dead mother snatch the high-grade ore from the vault. It would be like saying his dog ate his data chips that held his homework.
 "What can I do?"
 The time to depart the Glowing Planet had almost come. Ves only had days left to figure something out. "It’s unlikely Lucky and I can earn more merits. The Wrath is stuck in place, and none of the tunneling machines have the guts to burrow deeper where the likelihood of finding high-grade ores is higher."
 Ves found it extraordinarily frustrating to fail at the cusp of completing his mission. He let down his guard and forgot that his mother had always appeared out of nowhere.
 "Though, why take the ore? Why hasn’t she dug it up herself?"
 It might had something to do with the devourers. A small human-sized ghost probably couldn’t match the prowess of the devourers which monopolized the core of the Glowing Planet.
 Only after the deep mining expedition killed off one of their alphas did his mother finally appear.
 "It’s good to know that even she can be afraid of something."
 Ves didn’t even realize he referred to the ghost as his mother without challenge. It was as if it was the most natural thing in the universe to say.
 He guessed that the devourer king must have claimed this territory as its own. Now that it had died, the entire area became ownerless. For a short period of time, there shouldn’t be any risks of encountering another devourer.
 A bold idea popped into his mind. "Why not go out on my own?"
 The Mech Corps had become incredibly timid, but that didn’t mean that Ves had to hide on the Wrath. If he couldn’t beg them for another high-grade ore, he might as well venture out into the tunnels and conduct his own search.
 He turned his gaze back to Lucky, who started to slumber atop his chest. He ate an enormous amount of minerals recently. Even though he didn’t gain any weight, his cat still had to digest all of his gains.
 "Rest well, Lucky. I’ll be relying on your senses tomorrow to find some juicy pieces of Rorach’s Bone."
 The next day, Ves fleshed out his plan and approached Chief Petrisc with his intentions. The Chief Engineer frowned at Ves.
 "Now why would you want to go out by yourself? Don’t you know how dangerous it is?!"
 "But can you lend me a shuttle?"
 "Oh, that’s not a problem. We have plenty of those to spare. The bigger issue is that there’s no way you can stay in range of a dimensional smoother. All the other machines are carrying smaller versions of the devices, but it still won’t fit inside a shuttle. Furthermore, there’s no chance I can get permission to borrow one for you to use. In short, you’ll have to go out naked and exposed!"
 Ves hadn’t thought of that. The space around the Glowing Planet was fairly unstable. Random wrinkles in spacetime had claimed the lives of thousands of oblivious visitors, including the entire trading convoy that initially stumbled upon the Glowing Planet.
 Going out without a dimensional smoother was highly dangerous!
 After some deep consideration, Ves weighed the risks. If he stayed in proximity to the Gregarious Wrath, he should still fall somewhat in her protective envelope. Even if the stabilization field emitted by the dimensional smoothers weakened quite a bit the further he drifted away from the Wrath, he should still receive some benefits.
 He made a calculated risk by pressing on with his choice. "Just lend me a shuttle, chief. I know what I’m dealing with but I don’t have any choice."
 It took a lot of begging to convince Petrisc to release a shuttle for his use. Despite the chief’s reluctance, Ves had annoying him so much that he relented, if only to chase away an annoying fly.
 "Thanks, chief! I’ll only be out for a couple of hours at a time."
 "Don’t come crawling back to me if you suffer a mishap!"
 The chief engineer arranged a souped-up armored shuttle for Ves. Compared to a regular shuttle, it held a lot less storage space, but the armor and increased structural integrity made up for it in spades.
 The first time Ves stepped inside the shuttle with Lucky hanging over his shoulders, he became a little bit intimidated by its complex control scheme.
 Forces employed armored shuttles in many different ways, from stealthily dropping commandos behind enemy lines to pursuing a rampaging mech. The Mech Corps employed even more advanced shuttles that came with many additional features that bore unwieldy acronyms like GURED or NEFFI-Fast.
 "Don’t worry." A shuttle technician said as he accompanied Ves inside. "Let me activate the dummy mode for you. It’ll disable most of the advanced features and automate the rest. As far as the controls go, it’ll turn into something similar to the games you can play from your comm."
 "Ah, thank you for the trouble. Please do so."
 Ves sat down the chair and watched the technician navigate the projected control panel. Overall, the menus looked similar to those employed by mechs, so Ves quickly got the hang of it himself. Still, as he hadn’t trained in piloting shuttles at all, it was best to leave the controls to dummy mode.
 In the wide-ranging galaxy, humanity became increasingly dependent on machines to rule their lives. Humanity was a quintessential tool-using race that had ascended into dominance due to their ever-voracious appetite for deadlier and more capable machines.
 Naturally, this also presented problems as many machines required extreme amounts of training to master their use. Mechs alone not only demanded potentates with the right genetic aptitude, they also required at least ten years of training to gain the most basic qualification to pilot them these days.
 At the start of the Age of Mechs, mech pilots only needed four years to effectively wield their mechs. This stark difference showcased the relentless advance to developing better but more complex machines, which meant it applied to anything that fell under this category, including mechs, shuttles and starships.
 A human could only master a couple of skills in a given amount of time. To provide against contingencies and to make their products more appealing, developers and manufacturers of these machines standardized the implementation of dummy modes to their products.
 The basic standard of an effective dummy mode would be that even a ten-year old kid could figure out the basic controls. The moment the dummy mode began to proliferate, life became much easier. Even though most of the advanced capabilities would be wasted, sometimes a person only needed to accomplish a simple job, like going from A to B.
 Ves fell into the same situation. He had no intentions of performing any advanced maneuvers. He just wanted to go out into the tunnel and sniff out a high-grade Rorach’s Bone.
 "C’mon Lucky, you better get your mineral senses ready. I’ll be relying on you to get me another fat piece of bone." Ves petted the lazy cat on his shoulder.
 Using the dummy mode, Ves easily drifted his armored shuttle out of the hangar, to the collective relief of the crew. At least he didn’t veer off and crash against the deck or something.
 "It really is like a game."
 Through making some delicate hand gestures, Ves got the hang of the controls. He maintained a slow speed and slowly inched the shuttle away from the Gregarious Wrath. The tunneler loomed large in the shuttle’s augmented sensors.
 Currently, tons of shuttles and mech technicians crawled over her exterior. Ves knew that even more repair crews worked inside the tunneler. To get the Wrath moving again required all hands on deck.
 "I should be there too."
 Someone like Ves might not understand any of the larger systems, but he could still lend a hand with routine repairs. Still, acquiring another high-grade Rorach’s Bone ranked much higher than earning a bit more kudos from the crew.
 "Now then, let’s start my search."
 Due to the high amount of interference and other weird effects, the Mech Corps possessed very few means of locating high-grade Rorach’s Bone. They could only vaguely detect that they had entered a more promising area. Even if a valuable piece of ore rested a meter away from the tunnel wall, the sensors couldn’t detect its presence.
 This prompted the mining vehicles around the Wrath to go blind and hope they picked the right direction. The odds of Ves encountering a high-grade specimen in a couple of days was extremely rare.
 Fortunately, he wasn’t alone. He still had Lucky, who’s insatiable appetite for quality exotics always drew him to the most promising deposits. His senses was a lot more keener than the mineral scanners aboard the Gregarious Wrath.
 "Alright Lucky, point me to the right direction."
 "Meow."
 "Don’t meow at me like you don’t understand what I’ve said. Go on. Find something!"
 It took a bit of coaxing to get Lucky to point at a promising direction. Ves carefully flew his shuttle further away from the Wrath and towards an unremarkable tunnel wall section.
 "Is this the place you detected something promising?"
 "Meow!"
 "Alright, let’s head out."
 Ves exited the pilot’s chair and moved to the main compartment where a bulky mining suit awaited him. The suit was twice as thick as a hazard suit and required powered assistance to move, which technically turned it into an exoskeleton. This variant came with a couple of optimizations that made it suitable to roam close to the center of the Glowing Planet.
 As Ves drifted out from the hatch, his suit’s antigrav modules came online, which held the entire thing aloft. Meanwhile, Lucky had climbed on top of his helmet and kept a firm grip.
 Small thrusters on the backpack module of the suit flared to life. The force propelled him forward and he reached the wall in no time. In fact, he almost crashed against it if he hadn’t managed to figure out how to turn around and thrust in the opposite direction.
 "I should learn how to maneuver in zero-G sometime."
 Spaceborn humans learned how to move in zero gravity conditions as soon as they learned how to walk. A landbound human like Ves would never be able to catch up to their level of skill, but acquiring the basics shouldn’t be too difficult.
 Once Ves stabilized his position, he experimentally knocked on the smooth and compacted tunnel wall. The first meters should be extremely tough to dig through, and no man-sized mining machine could put a dent in it. Ves didn’t even bother to bring any tools for that reason.
 He didn’t need to when he already had a cat that could do the work in his stead.
 "Alright Lucky, go ahead and dig." He transmitted over the channel he maintained with his pet. His gauntlets grabbed Lucky’s body and held it out against the wall. "C’mon, use your magic."
 Lucky seemed put off at being treated like a slave, but he eventually began to dig a small tunnel for himself. Somehow, Lucky parted the solid compacted materials as easily as digging through sand. He didn’t even have to resort to his energy claws to dig deeper.
 Twenty minutes went by as Lucky dug an eight meter tunnel. He stopped once the tunnel began to glow. His senses hadn’t deceived him. The cat managed to find an energetic piece of ore!
 "Don’t eat it yet! Bring it back to me first!"
 It took quite a bit of effort for Lucky yo dislodge the ore and bring it back to the lip of the tunnel he dug out. It turned out to be a quail-egg sized exotic that he’d seen before in the vault.
 "This isn’t Rorach’s Bone. Lucky, you found the wrong mineral. I want Rorach’s Bone, not this junk."
 Even though Ves was certain the piece held a lot of value, he threw it back to Lucky, who eagerly munched it down. Ves did not have any delusions that he would be able to sneak an extremely valuable hoard of exotics past the Mech Corps. A big find would also cast more suspicion on Ves.
 For the next twelve hours, Ves kept moving his shuttle from place to place, taking care not to stray too far from the Wrath. At this distance, Ves figured he didn’t run any risk of encountering a dangerous spacetime anomaly.
 Sadly, his conservative efforts amounted to nothing. Each time Lucky dug something up, it turned out to be a medium-grade Rorach’s Bone or worse. Even Lucky’s vaunted mineral senses couldn’t pinpoint any pieces of high-grade ores.
 "This isn’t getting me anywhere." He sighed as he returned the armored shuttle back to the hangar. "This session is a bust."
 There was nothing wrong with his methods, but trying to find a piece of high-grade ore revolved around luck. If he had as much manpower as the Mech Corps, he’d be bound to stumble upon it sooner or later.
 The next day, Ves ventured out into the same armored shuttle and ventured further away from the Gregarious Wrath. While this exposed him to greater risk, he figured that moving away from the Wrath should allow Lucky to be more accurate in his search.
 Nothing changed from yesterday. Lucky kept finding decent traces of low to medium-grade exotics, but they didn’t fulfill the criteria set out by Ves. Halfway throughout the session, Ves groaned and palmed his helmet with his gauntlet.
 "Do I need to move even further away?"
 He already extended his range further down where the concentration of Rorach’s Bone steadily increased. The deeper he went, the higher the chance of locating a high-grade specimen, though he also had to brave the risk of suffering a spacetime mishap.
 After some serious consideration, he hardened his eyes. "Fortune and danger go hand-in-hand. I can’t afford to play it safe."
 Despite the risks, Ves resolutely pushed his shuttle a little deeper into the tunnel. The shuttle stopped three kilometers away from the Wrath.
 With Lucky acting like a hunting dog, the two continued to prospect for minerals. The extra distance yielded significantly larger samples of Rorach’s Bone, but they still fell within the medium-grade category.
 Hungry for something better, Ves slowly inched his shuttler further and further away from the Gregarious Wrath. Somehow, he could feel the increasing instability in the local space. The omnipresent fields emitted by the dimensional smoothers had weakened enormously by now.
 Further down the tunnel, Ves even saw flashes that disrupted the tunnel walls. The danger was very real at this point. He even thought about pulling back sometimes.
 "I can’t give up. Not when I’m this close."
 Lucky had grown a lot more enthusiastic by now. He continued to stuff himself endlessly with the minerals he dug up. His stomach had literally turned into a bottomless hole as he kept eating Rorach’s Bone after Rorach’s Bone. Even his exterior plating began to take a milky-white sheen from its former silvery luster.
 The change indicated that Lucky had definitely incorporated Rorach’s Bone on a deeper level.
 Ves was happy to see his pet grow stronger, but he still hadn’t found what he was looking for. At the end of his second jaunt, Ves was just about to return to the Wrath when Lucky suddenly struck paydirt.
 His cat’s activity level spiked. Lucky had to expand the tunnel he dug in order to retrieve a large piece of glowing white ore.
 "High-grade Rorach Bone!"
 Lucky had done it! Ves laughed and brought his cat to his helmet and nuzzled him. The cat kept turning his head back to the piece of high-grade ore. Despite his obedience to Ves, Lucky kept mooning over the priceless piece of Rorach’s Bone.
 "I’m sorry, Lucky, but I need it more than you."
 Once he put down Lucky on his shoulder, Ves looked around to see no one nearby. He activated his Privacy Shield to disable the shuttle from recording him on its sensors before he held out one of his gauntlets, which interfaced with his comm.
 Ves activated the System and went to the Missions page. He held out the ball of high-grade Rorach’s Bone and presented it to his comm. "Here you go, System."
 Nothing happened.
 Uh, hello? This is prime quality Rorach’s Bone! Why aren’t you accepting it yet?!"
 [The material that you present does not fulfill the criteria of the mission. Please present the correct substance to pass the mission.]
 "What?!"
 Ves wanted to bang his head against the tunnel wall. All this time, he assumed that the System desired a piece of high-grade Rorach’s Bone. To think he made a big mistake frustrated him to no end. He quickly re-read the mission.
 [Mission]
 Mission: Obtaining the Core
 Difficulty: B-Rank
 Prerequisites: Find your way to the Glowing Planet
 Description
 The rogue planet that has been discovered by humans hides a special ore that originates from its core. Seek out a hand-sized sample of this ore and offer it to the Mech Designer System.
 Failure condition: Fail to acquire a substance from the core of the Glowing Planet within ninety days from the issuance of this mission. Your ability to spend Design Points will be curtailed for two years.
 Reward:
 Special Upgrade Voucher (Machine), 10 golden lottery tickets
 The System hadn’t named the material by name!
 "What are you looking for, System! Just tell me, damnit!"
 Naturally, the soft-spoken System almost never replied to his request. It was as if it thought that Ves should figure out stuff on his own. The System never coddled him in any way.
 "So it’s not Rorach’s Bone you’re looking for, right?"
 Ves didn’t know much about Rorach’s Bone, but acquiring a better sample than what he held right now shouldn’t be possible. This was the best that he could get.
 The stupidly obtuse System refused to reveal what kind of substance it demanded. Whatever it was, it should be even rarer than high-grade Rorach’s Bone. Perhaps it couldn’t even be found at this depth.
 Whatever the case, the answer lay deeper into the core.
 He stood at a crossroads now. Either he could summon up his courage and brave the dangers, or he could stay at his current depth and hope he struck it rich.
 "There’s only a day or two left before we have to leave this place."
 From what he heard, the repairs for the Gregarious Wrath went well. Replacing the most essential broken components was a straightforward though labor-intensive procedure. Relatively little challenges had popped up that could otherwise delay the repairs.
 This meant that Ves had two more days to find what the System sought.
 "I really hate you sometimes, you know that?"
 Ves had little choice but to bow before the inevitable. He decided to return the shuttle back to the Wrath and plan out his miniature expedition properly.
 First, he stocked up his shuttle with additional supplies, including food and water. Returning to the Wrath to eat and sleep took too much time. Ves planned to make the best of the time that remained.
 Second, he checked the System whether he could buy anything useful. Even though his DP skyrocketed lately, he still couldn’t afford anything useful. He’d have to accumulate millions of DP to acquire a rudimentary device that could protect him from spacetime fluctuations.
 "It’s not for nothing that the Mech Corps is willing to pay out of their nose to borrow the dimensional smoothers."
 Looking at how much DP he earned in recent weeks made Ves suspicious. He knew how many mechs the LMC could produce at a given amount of time. It only possessed one proper production line that could fabricate the Blackbeak.
 As for the third-party manufacturer, the EME only possessed four modern production lines. Producing fifty mechs a month shouldn’t be too much of a problem for them, but the amount of DP that Ves had earned suggested to him that he sold a lot more Blackbeaks than that.
 Then he figured it out. It should be the virtual Blackbeaks that must have set off the current surge of DP. As a modern 5-star virtual mech, it sold in much less numbers than in the lower tiers. Mech designers who competed at this level paid a lot more attention to performance, and his mech didn’t specialize in short bursts of combat that characterized arena combat.
 "Looks like interest in the Blackbeak is surging."
 Ves could only attribute the increased interest to the successful performance of the Blackbeak on the Glowing Planet along with the LMC’s relentless marketing campaign. Combined, the demand for the Blackbeak should have spiked, and more people wanted to experience its magic.
 He didn’t consider that the DP could have come from the production of extra physical mechs.
 Currently, Ves considered upgrading his Stealth Augment. Going deeper into the tunnels didn’t only mean he would have to brave the spacetime anomalies. He also had to take into account the risk of bumping into a devourer or devourer king.
 "It’s too expensive. I can hold off the purchase until I actually need to hide myself."
 Ves eventually decided to save his points and postpone his spending.
 After a short nap, Ves set off with the armored shuttle and brought it many kilometers deeper. Though a lot of dangers lurked in the shadows, Ves studiously ignored the risks. The odds of actually bumping into a spacetime wrinkle shouldn’t be too large.
 "It’s like walking across the street with aircars flying over your head. The chance that one of them crashes isn’t very large, and the odds that it will land right on top of you is even smaller."
 Even though he comforted himself this way, he still couldn’t forget how these improbable accidents happened to destroy a lot of ships.
 His slow journey towards the end of the tunnel dug by the Wrath set him to thought. Why did he have to stick out his neck and risk his own life this way?
 Why couldn’t he do anything to fight back against his thieving mother whenever she dropped by?
 Why did he have to rely on Lucky to fend off a devourer king that managed to avoid the best efforts of the Mech Corps to take it down?
 All of these incidents shared one common element. "I’m not in control."
 The lack of agency was beginning to get at him. Even though his company earned billions of credits, he still ended up at the mercy of others.
 Those who organized these kinds of expeditions could afford to throw a lot of manpower and resources into the mix. Why couldn’t Ves do something similar?
 The idea grew more appealing the more he thought about it. He didn’t need to organize a large-scale expedition, but even a modest force under his command could accomplish a lot of things on his behalf. He already owned an excellent corvette to act as a scout or courier.
 "It’s not that expensive to get my hands on a few transports and converted carriers. However, it’s going to take a lot of mechs and reliable pilots to give them some teeth."
 He knew that contracting a reliable crew of pilots and spacers was by far the biggest challenge. If he chose the wrong men, they might decide to run off with all of his newly-purchased assets and disappear into the frontier.
 "I can think about it later. There shouldn’t be any need to go on an expedition right now with the war looming closer."
 The armored shuttle successfully reached the bottom of the tunnel without encountering any mishaps. Though he encountered a few close shaves, the anomalies hadn’t affected the shuttle in any way.
 Once he floated outside, Ves threw Lucky towards the bottom of the tunnel. "Okay Lucky, go dig downwards."
 His cat looked back at him as if he lost his mind.
 "Just dig and tell me when you detect anything that’s more energetic than a medium-grade Rorach’s Bone. Make sure to leave enough room for me as well!"
 It took a number of times to repeat his intentions to Lucky. His cat set out to dig a wide hole and go further downwards.
 Ever since Ves found out that the high-grade Rorach’s Bone didn’t meet the System’s needs, he resolutely fed it to Lucky.
 As far as his gem cat was concerned, he might as well have gone to heaven. His cat took three hours to savor the fat piece of high-grade bone. His eyes narrowed blissfully as his body took in more and more of the extremely rare exotic.
 Consuming the high-grade piece had definitely given Lucky a major boost. His body’s exterior had turned into an even brighter shade of white. It was as if he had turned into a milky white cat. Besides the changes in his appearance, his other capabilities also improved by a major step.
 At his current state, Lucky easily dug a wider tunnel. This allowed Ves to float behind him and descend into the depths alongside his pet. The floodlights embedded in his mining suit shed the tunnel in a harsh light.
 This went on for a couple of hours. Occasionally, Lucky detected something attractive, and changed the direction of his digging in order to reach what had attracted his attention. It mostly turned out to be medium-grade Rorach’s Bone.
 "This is looking like a veritable boneyard here." Ves muttered. They encountered more and more bones the deeper they went. "Still, it’s a shame I haven’t found any high-grade ores."
 He eventually had to call off the digging after reaching an estimated depth of two kilometers. Ves had grown extremely uncomfortable after digging so far away from the Gregarious Wrath. He picked up Lucky and floated back out of the tunnel before boarding the armored shuttle that rested nearby.
 After a meal and rest, Ves donned his mining suit and floated down the tunnel dug by Lucky.
 "Keep digging downwards. Go deeper."
 His cat did as he instructed. Though Ves had a lot of misgivings at this point, he couldn’t stop halfway. He had to see this journey through in the end.
 After half a day of digging, Lucky noticed something strange. His digging speed became twice as fast and the cat practically raced towards a specific destination to the sides.
 "What did you find, Lucky?!"
 His cat kept digging as if his life depended upon in. After more than fifteen minutes of digging, he surprisingly reached a cavity. Once he dug out an opening, Lucky fearlessly jumped inside.
 "Hey, wait for me!"
 Ves had to wriggle his way through the opening before he could get through. Spotting his cat, he quickly flew towards the center of the oval chamber, where he came across a remarkable sight.
 Lucky stood frozen as he beheld what looked like a neat array of bones. The strangest thing about the skeleton was that they shone in a luster closely related to Rorach’s Bone. It was as if the set of bones that lay in front of him had been the source of the Rorach’s Bone on this planet!
 The reason why he came to that conclusion was that the area directly underneath the skeleton was made up of a mottled mass of medium-grade Rorach’s Bone! That much Rorach’s Bone in one place should be impossible!
 "But why isn’t there any high-grade bone?"
 He regarded the skeleton with suspicion. Perhaps it needed time to contaminate the surrounding bones, or perhaps it already absorbed the quality materials to enhance its own structure. It would explain all the holes around the skeleton.
 "That said, why does it look like a humanoid?"
 The most remarkable aspect about the skeleton was that it resembled a huge human. It stood as tall as a light mech and Ves imagined it weighed about the same as well. Although the galaxy spawned a lot of humanoid aliens, they never precisely evolved to adopt a roundish head, hands with five fingers or feet with five toes.
 "It’s like a giant out of mythology."
 Even the bones could be mistaken for a human if it wasn’t so large. The uncanny resemblance to the human physique disturbed Ves in the same way when he first found out that the System had the capability to manipulate time.
 He felt as if he brushed across a huge secret of the galaxy.
 "It’s dead now. It should be millions or billions of years since this alien died. There’s nothing to be worried about."
 Despite his rational words, he still treated the skeleton like a dangerous animal. Its shiny, sparkling bones radiated a certain kind of pressure that constantly tickled his sixth sense. Ves carefully stepped forward, passing by Lucky who still hadn’t padded forward.
 Once Ves reached the foot of the prone skeleton, he reached out a gauntlet to touch it, but then changed his mind. "Who knows if I’ll trigger something bad."
 He instead began to inspect the skeleton with his eyes and sensors. He wanted to find out if the remarkable skeleton was made out of homogenous material.
 Once he swept over the entire mech-sized skeleton, Ves found one single anomaly that stood out from the rest. He detected strong fluctuations the brain cavity of the human-like skull.
 "This... what is in this giant’s head?"
 He strongly suspected the skull hid an extraordinary treasure. From the energy readings alone, it surpassed a high-grade Rorach’s Bone by far. It might even be a legendary piece of extreme-grade Rorach’s Bone!
 The more he thought about the possibility, the more his breath grew uneven. He flew away from the skull and returned to his immobilized cat.
 "Stop being a scaredy cat, Lucky! Come on, I need your help!"
 He scooped up his pet and returned to the skull. Even though Lucky squirmed in his arms, Ves didn’t let go of him. Once he flew close, he held out Lucky and shook him up and down a few times.
 "Can you please open up this skull? There’s something yummy inside. Don’t you want to take a bite?"
 Lucky acted as if Ves was about to drop him into a bath. His pet kept trying to turn his body and claw away from the menacing skull. Ves had to press his cat flat against the skull in order to get him to claw away at the skullcap.
 This time, Lucky failed to dig through the skull. No matter how many times he tried to claw at the dome, his paws failed to make a single dent.
 Things only changed when Lucky activated his energy claws. He pumped a significant amount of power into his claws before letting loose with a swipe.
 This time, the skull finally yielded. A shallow groove emerged, encouraging Lucky to swipe again and again. After expending a fair amount of energy, Lucky finally cracked open a tiny hole in the humongous skull.
 A white light flashed out from the hole. The sheer intensity of it blinded his mining suit’s sensors and scared Lucky out of his grasp.
 More than just the lights, his sixth sense started pinging like crazy. Ves felt as if his entire mindscape had shook.
 Fortunately, the light show ended a few seconds later. The glow subsided and his sixth sense calmed down. Ves sighed and carefully approached the hole until his helmet visor bumped against the hole.
 What he saw inside caused him to gasp in surprise.
 Why did the skeleton of a giant humanoid ended up in the core of the Glowing Planet?
 Was he buried underneath alone, or did the planet contain several other graves?
 How long ago did the giant live, and how long ago did it die?
 Why was there so much Rorach’s Bone around the skeleton of the giant, and why hadn’t the skeleton gone to dust all these eons?
 So many questions swirled around in his mind. Much like any mystery he encountered, Ves ignored the implications of what he’d seen and focused on the more important priority: getting his payday.
 Thus, when he saw the giant’s skull contained, he couldn’t hold back his glee.
 A resplendent glowing jewel hovered at the center of the brain cavity. The jewel looked as polished as the most expertly cut gem, and shone in transparent white, as if nothing had ever tainted its purity. The more Ves stared at it, the more he guessed that it might be the origin of all of the Rorach’s Bone in the vicinity.
 "If this isn’t what the System wants, then I don’t know what can top this treasure."
 After he finished admiring his find, Ves activated a function in his mining suit that extended a claw-like grip from his gauntlet. Its extra reach allowed him to reach through the hole and carefully grip the shining jewel.
 Nothing happened when he pulled the jewel out of its resting place. Ves half-expected some kind of trap to go off, but nothing stood out. Even his sixth sense hadn’t picked up any mental spikes.
 Thus, with excruciating care, Ves pulled out the jewel and beheld it in his gauntlets. He suspiciously eyed Lucky, but it seemed his cat didn’t show any interest in it at all.
 "Hah, I forgot. You’re a gem cat. This probably looks like excrement to you."
 Lucky huffed, but never put down his vigilance. Ves took note of his pet’s alertness. Danger still existed even if he retrieved his prize.
 "Well, let’s get this over with. System, here’s your damn jewel. I hope I got it right this time!"
 Once he offered the jewel to the System, Ves sighed in relief as the jewel started to dematerialize. It meant he finally hit the jackpot.
 [Congratulations for obtaining the core and completing the mission. Exotic materials have a complex origin, and may be spawned by both nature and design. As a mech designer, you must understand the materials you are working with, and be able to distinguish the good from the bad.]
 [You have received 10 golden lottery tickets. Please visit the Lottery page to redeem your tickets.]
 [You have received a Special Upgrade Voucher (Machine). Please visit your Inventory to redeem your voucher.]
 "I’m done! I’m finally done with this mission!"
 It came as a huge relief to be finally done with this awful mission. Though the rewards looked promising, he would rather do without all of the danger.
 As the jewel slowly disappeared, the System’s message about materials put Ves to thought. He floated back and eyed the giant skeleton in the perspective of a mech designer.
 "This skeleton looks awfully like the internal frame of a mech."
 He’d only have to remove the superfluous parts like some of the ribs and he’d have a ready-made base for a unique mech. The bones must hold some very powerful properties to be able to persist like this. They looked as pristine as if the giant had died yesterday, if not for the lack of flesh.
 "It’ll have to be a mech that takes full advantage of these bones."
 That meant he’d have to design something like a light skirmisher, which relied heavily on the soundness of the internal frame to pull of all those high-speed movements. Ves envisioned adding internals and armor plating around the skeleton. The skeleton seemed tailor-made for humanoid mechs.
 "It’s viable."
 For a moment, Ves thought about claiming all of these bones. Then, he reconsidered.
 "It’s not as if the Mech Corps will let me keep such an important find."
 Again, his lack of influence and his role as an external consultant limited his options. After a lot of thought, Ves sadly gave up on attempting to claim the bones.
 Once the jewel finally disappeared, something changed. The giant skeleton abruptly started to break down. Its pristine white bones grew grey and turned incredible brittle before falling apart into lifeless chunks. A pulse of violent rage emanated from the center of the Glowing Planet and momentarily overwhelmed his sixth sense.
 "Arggh!"
 The entire cavern shuddered, and rocks began to fall from above. It was as if the entire Glowing Planet had gone mad.
 "Lucky! Let’s get out of here!"
 Ves picked up his spooked pet and engaged his mining suit’s thrusters. He flew into the tunnel Lucky had dug and carefully navigated it all the way up. This took quite a lot of time because the tunnel was too narrow for him to navigate at full speed.
 In the meantime, the rage that his sixth sense picked up thrummed with violence. Ves didn’t know where it came from, but the sheer power and reach behind the ripples scared Ves to death. It might even be the planet itself that was lashing out!
 "Who the hell did I piss off?!"
 In his haste, Ves mistakenly bumped against a turn in the tunnel. His mining suit gained some scuff marks and Lucky meowed in complaint, but nothing broke, so Ves resumed his flight.
 All the while, the spacetime fluctuations began to grow in number. Some parts of the tunnel momentarily warped as if someone pinched that part of space. This alternatively widened or narrowed the tunnel in a random pattern. Sometimes, Ves had to prompt Lucky to claw their way out of a barrier that appeared out of nowhere.
 One time, Ves almost bumped head-first into a section of warped spacetime. He had to careen his suit against the sides of the tunnel to stop him from turning into noodles.
 "That was close!"
 Once the wrinkle disappeared, Ves carefully passed by the section of previously-unstable space before accelerating out. It took a lot of minutes before Ves finally reached the end of the narrow tunnel. He emerged in the much greater tunnel excavated by the Gregarious Wrath and flew towards his armored shuttle, only to realize that it had crashed.
 The shuttle’s entire starboard side suffered an implosion of some kind which compressed all of its materials into a single round ball the size of a tooth.
 Ves cursed at the sight. "I’ll just have to rely on my suit, then!"
 Fortunately, his bulky mining suit contained more than enough fuel to reach the Gregarious Wrath. Ves flew upwards and tried to contact the Wrath.
 "Mr. Larkinson! We’ve been trying to get in touch with you! Danger levels have risen to an extreme level. We advise you to return to the Gregarious Wrath as fast as possible!"
 "I’m on my way, but the armored shuttle is a goner!"
 "Noted. We’ve already sent out a rescue shuttle. We’ve already fixed your position so the shuttle is only a minute away. Hang tight!"
 "Will do!"
 The entire tunnel kept shaking as multiple spacetime storms ravaged the surrounding space. Ves figured he faced the same risks of being swallowed by them if he stayed still or moved, so he might as well continue flying towards the surface.
 A light appeared from the distance. The rescue shuttle had arrived. It parked right above Ves, allowing him to fly up and reach its open hatch. An armed soldier pulled him inside and banged the button that shut the hatch.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "He’s here! Let’s move!"
 The shuttle turned around and zipped back to the Wrath, where they could all take shelter underneath her dimensional smoothers.
 "What did you find down there?! Did you trigger something?"
 "Beats me! I only found a lot of bones!"
 Naturally, Ves found more than Rorach’s Bone, but he wouldn’t admit to encountering the skeleton of a long-dead race of giants.
 As the soldier subjected Ves to a brief interrogation, the shuttle successfully reached the Wrath without incident. Once it landed in the shuttle hangar, Ves exited the craft, shed his mining suit and ran towards the engineering bay with Lucky in tow.
 Once he reached the engineering bay’s command platform, he noted that Chief Petrisc was elsewhere. One of the senior engineers manned the consoles in his chief’s stead.
 "Where is the chief?"
 "He’s supervising the most difficult repairs."
 "Okay. Can you tell me what’s going on?"
 "Not really. All we know is that the core has suddenly become unstable and that spacetime is going mad. The fluctuations are predominantly spatial in nature, but we’ve detected some temporal variance as well."
 "Is the Wrath in danger?"
 "The dimensional smoothers are holding up, but their effective range has decreased. They’re getting stressed by all of the anomalies that are trying to affect the tunneler. The chief wants us to move within two hours to get away from these fluctuations. It gets better the higher up we go."
 That put down some of his worries. In the next couple of hours, Ves stayed out of the way while the crew of the Wrath frantically tried to get the tunneler to move again. She didn’t need to excavate a new tunnel as she should slither her way up through the tunnel she had already cleared.
 This enabled the repair crews to skip much of the redundant systems. After more than three hours of clunking and improvisations, the Gregarious Wrath finally regained her ability to move.
 "We’re off!"
 The giant tunneler feebly climbed her way up, but quickly picked up speed once it became clear her repairs held up.
 Though she encountered some bumps in the tunnel due to the occasional spacetime flare-ups, her immense mass and power allowed her to bulldoze through any minor obstacle. To facilitate her race to the surface, several smaller tunneling vehicles flew ahead of the Wrath to clear any of the larger obstacles in the way.
 In the meantime, Ves helped out with the miscellaneous repairs. Just because the Wrath regained her mobility didn’t mean she was in good shape. In truth, she operated with almost no redundancy. If a single critical pipe broke from the stress, the entire tunneler would be forced to a halt.
 No one wanted to envision such an outcome, so the repair crews rushed out to repair the pipelines. In general, such repairs didn’t require an in-depth background on giant tunneling machines, so Ves easily contributed to the work.
 He didn’t even think about using his newly gained rewards. The situation was too hectic for him to play with the System. Besides, even with his Privacy Shield, he doubted he would ever be able to escape scrutiny for long. He could tell that some of the security officers kept a close eye on him. It was as if they suspected he played a role in the sudden outburst of the Glowing Planet.
 "Do they really think I’m capable of triggering such a staggering response?"
 Even if those suspicions had a lot of merit, Ves continued to play the victim and act dumb. Now that the System devoured the jewel and the giant skeleton turned to dust, there shouldn’t be any proof left of what he’d done. He also messed with the hardware of the mining suit before he set off in his jaunt in order to make sure it didn’t record his actions.
 "I’m sure I didn’t miss any hidden recording functions on my suit."
 If any microscopic spying equipment had stuck around, then Lucky should have already taken care of it. Ves had trained Lucky to always swat away any microscopic bugs.
 After reasoning that the Mech Corps shouldn’t have gotten their hands on solid proof, Ves relaxed and continued to work.
 Six days later, the Gregarious Wrath returned to the surface of the Glowing Planet. A much more disarrayed base greeted their sights. The spacetime fluctuations had been a little less severe on the surface, but the dimensional smoothers had their work cut out for them as the Mech Corps relied on them to cover a large radius.
 The Mech Corps had no reason to detain Ves, so he was allowed to exit the tunneler and return to his friends. After questioning some of the base personnel, Ves got the gist of what had happened on the surface.
 Both the Blood Claws and Walter’s Whalers sustained significant casualties. This forced them to abandon their previous bases and seek refuge at the military. The Mech Corps only retained a crowded section of the Red Zone. Several different pirate and vulture alliances claimed their surroundings.
 "I should get in touch with the gang. Hopefully they’re still alive."
 Ves sent out a flurry of messages on his comm. First, he contacted Melkor, as he could trust his cousin to brief him without any bias.
 "Are you safe, Ves?" Melkor asked over the comm. His projected bust radiated fatigue.
 "I’m fine. I’ve had some close shaves, but we’ve dug up a fortune in exotics. Even if they have to relinquish the majority to the MTA, they’ll still make it off with a tidy profit."
 "That’s good to hear. It’s been rather hectic on our end. As you can see, this base hasn’t fared well in the last couple of weeks. The pirates under the instigation of the Dragons of the Void have ganged up on us. They wiped out the smaller outfits first before they tackled the main forces of the Mech Corps."
 "Is everyone else okay?"
 "Raella suffered a minor injury when her mech got swarmed by enemy mechs. She managed to eject in time, but she’s suffered a bruise to her ego."
 "As long as she’s breathing, I’m fine with that." Ves replied with relief now that he confirmed that both his family members survived. "What about the Whalers?"
 "Walter’s Whalers had been one of the first gangs to go. They lost most of their mechs and a decent amount of pilots. They didn’t eject in time."
 Ves bowed his head. He predicted such an outcome, but he didn’t wish it turned into reality. The Whalers truly hadn’t been prepared to fight a grueling campaign. Hopefully they took their losses to heart and implement some reforms. They needed to shape up really quickly if they wanted to survive the impending war.
 "What about Walter, Dietrich and Fadah?"
 "They’re doing great. They’re better than the rest, and their mechs are of much higher quality than the walking pieces of junk they ordinarily use. Together with Raella, they’ve made a name for themselves among the Blood Claws. Even the Mech Corps took note of their contributions."
 "Sounds like you didn’t fight alongside them. What have you been up to?"
 "Nothing remarkable." Melkor shook his head. "The Blood Claws needed volunteers to patrol the outskirts and reconnoiter the approaches to the bases. I signed up for those duties because I’ve received prior training in these tasks."
 Melkor earned a lot of contributions on his own by sniffing out enemy scouts. Even though he only skimmed over actions, Ves knew that Melkor had definitely risked his life a few times.
 "Well, now that the Gregarious Wrath has returned to the surface, I think it’s safe to say the Mech Corps will evacuate us any day now."
 "There’s only six days left on the clock. We don’t want to be here when the armadas from the Hegemony and the Coalition arrive. DOn’t forget that there are no Lagrange points in the Glowing Zone, so we have to take the long way if we want to transition out of here."
 A Lagrange point was basically a point in space where the gravitational force between several stellar objects canceled each other out. For example, a planet with a moon would have a Lagrange point somewhere on the line between the two. Such points in space provided ships with a quick and convenient way to transition into FTL.
 The problem here was that the Glowing Planet had gone rogue. It obviously used to orbit a star system like other planets, but it had been cast out into space on its own. The lack of Lagrange points served to delay their departure significantly.
 "This is something that the big guys upstairs will have to tackle. We don’t have many options but to go along with whatever they have planned.
 Although Ves could stuff the Stanislaw and a couple of people aboard the Barracuda, he held no confidence his corvette could make it out of the Glowing Zone on her own. Too many pirate ships lurked in the Glowing Zone like an endless school of sharks.
 "I’ll go meet with the Whalers. Since I originally contracted with them, it’s best I stick with them to the end."
 Once Ves hung up on Melkor, he sought the encampment within the base that held the Whalers. He found them at a distant corner. A sad collection of ships and broken mechs greeted his sights. Even now, the Whalers still acted like cheapskates by trying to take along the wrecks that belonged to their opponents.
 "At least they have good taste." He nodded as he noted the overall quality of the wrecks. Much of them could be sold for ten million credits in the salvage circle. If Ves worked to restore them to a functional state, he could easily increase their value by twenty to thirty percent. "The margins are too low for me to bother."
 He already ran a profitable business selling brand-new mechs of his own design. Only mech designers who couldn’t afford to license any mechs or components dove into the repair industry. As long as they mastered some basic skills and possessed some common sense, they could comfortably make a decent profit.
 It still represented a dead end in terms of career progression. The mech industry rarely appreciated the repair business. It didn’t take much to establish a footing there and there were countless of competitors.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 In any case, Ves sought out Walter, who looked like he had taken a massive blow. All of those casualties had obviously took a toll on the gang leader. He even looked like he lost some weight!
 "Walter. I’m sorry for your losses. I don’t think any of us had really expected there would be so many pirates."
 The burly man snorted a bit and chugged down another gulp of his cheap beer. "It reminds me of my worst days back on Bentheim. The things I did... back then, I was just a jumped-up grunt."
 Ves remained silent as he took a seat at Walter’s cafeteria table.
 Walter burped. "Well, it’s not your fault and none of your business. I can take care of my own house. So what brings you here?"
 "Did you receive any word on how the Mech Corps is planning to get off this planet?"
 "Hahaha!" The gang leader laughed. "Oh, they did, and it’s a doozy. I’ll send you the outline of their plan, though do try not to spread it around. It’s sort of classified."
 After Walter transferred the file to his comm, Ves briefly ran his eyes through the document.
 The plan was crude and simple. Every ship on the surface would load up and claw their way up to orbit at the same time. The sheer amount of ships should deter any potshots, though the coordinated maneuver would also attract a lot of major pirate groups.
 The spaceborn Mech Corps assets that hung in high orbit would pave the way for the surface fleet by beating back the pirates that gathered along their trajectory. After that, the spaceborn fleet would continue to shadow over the landbound as they collectively limped their way to the edge of the Glowing Zone.
 "This will take way too much time." Ves frowned. While the Mech Corps ensured their safety in numbers, they also had to limit their speeds to the slowest ship in their midst. "How are your spaceborn assets?"
 "They haven’t fought at all, so they’re at full strength. They’re lacking in experience and equipment, though. I’d appreciate it if you can take a look at their mechs."
 "Will do."
 After making some small talk with Walter, Ves left to seek out his baby. He always cherished the first production model of his Blackbeak. Once he reached the nearby mech stables, Ves found his distinctive black creation in a much more rugged condition.
 Even without a log, Ves could tell what kind of battles it fought and how well it fared. He spotted a decent amount of abrasions, evident of high-speed maneuvers gone wrong. He also located plenty of weapon marks such as laser pits, shell craters and sword scars.
 All of these wounds added character to the mech. As Ves beheld the sight, he imagined his mech’s X-Factor absorbing all of these experiences, taking them as fuel for growth.
 Due to all of the recent excitement, Ves failed to enter the right mindset to determine if his Blackbeak’s X-Factor had changed.
 "Hey Ves!" Fadah called as he approached from the side. "I heard you just returned. I ran over as soon as you heard."
 "So what do you think about the Blackbeak?" Ves suddenly asked.
 Fadah appeared taken aback. "Well, it’s a fine mech. It’s hard to explain, but your mech has grown on me. It’s a fantastic ride by itself and it’s even better when I bring it to battle. I always feel as if the mech is giving me an extra push. That’s not the case with my old mech. I often had to fight against her controls."
 "What would you say is its best part?"
 "Obviously her armor. It’s amazing how much punishment it can take. Even if I always try to dodge every attack, I’m only human. The only reason I did well through all of those fights was because your mech always saved me from my own blunders."
 Ves hadn’t spent all of those merits in vain. The Veltrex armor system proved its worth in spades on this campaign. Its high upfront cost paid off in spades once the owners of the Blackbeaks realized how much money they saved on repairs.
 "I see. Now that you told me what’s the best part, what about the things that fall short?"
 "My number one pet peeve is that your Blackbeak overheats too easily. It’s mainly the fault of this environment, as my mech can’t vent any heat through the air if there isn’t any of it in the first. Still, I would never rely on the Blackbeak to fight in vacuum environments."
 "I’ll be sure to take that into account." Ves already knew about this problem. "I’ll likely design a variant that specializes in these conditions. There’s not much I can do about the base model, however."
 "As long as you know. Another thing that’s troublesome is that the Blackbeak guzzles up a lot of medium-density mech-grade fuel. That stuff is pretty rare in the Republic. Almost every other mech runs on low-density fuel."
 "That’s the price you pay to run an advanced mech like the Blackbeak. Low-density fuel is too inefficient to run a mech worth at least sixty million credits."
 Despite these grumbles, Fadah didn’t sound very hung up about this issue. The majority of the mechs that ran on pure energy cells either turned into bombs or switched over to the undercharged versions that frequently bottomed out quickly. Fuel-based mechs fared best of all on the Glowing Planet.
 Fadah’s experiences helped Ves a lot in confirming his own predictions. The modified Blackbeak hadn’t suffered any inexplicable mishaps. Its excellent construction and personal tune-up by Ves had ensured that the machine was mechanically sound.
 It didn’t break when it faced a lot of pressure. This was the most important point that Ves wanted to confirm. He designed the Blackbeak specifically to last a generation. It had to hold up in the most intense moments of war, and from what Ves had gathered so far, the Blackbeak amply met this goal.
 Once he finished picking Fadah’s mind, Ves left the mech stables and sought Raella. It was time to hear her recalcitrant cousin out. He spotted her at some dingy makeshift bar the Blood Claws had setup as a form of relaxation.
 Ves stepped up behind her barstool. "I’ve been looking for you."
 "Eep!" The young woman jumped from her seat and almost spilled her cocktail. "Warn a girl next time, will you?"
 "Where’s Dietrich?"
 "Him?" She snorted. Ves smelled the alcohol from her breath. "He’s in the infirmary. When the pirates ganked my mech, he tried to ride to the rescue like a white knight in shining armor. Too bad he forgot that he pilots a rifleman mech. Don’t worry, he made it out alive, but he won’t be able to move his left arm for a while."
 "Raella, this is no time to get drunk. We’ll be evacuating from the Glowing Planet at any moment now."
 The Glowing Planet’s rage had subsided by now, or most of it had been absorbed by its landmass so that barely anything had reached the surface. The most anyone noticed the changes was when a small quake rippled their drinks.
 "You’re not my parents! I’m old enough to make my own decisions now! And you know what, Ves? I decided it’s not worth it for me to stay with the Larkinsons. I’m forging my own path in life, now! I’m joining the Blood Claws!"
 He should have seen this coming. From what he knew about Raella, she had always behaved as if she had been cast astray from the path she initially set forth on. Her dream was to be a professional mech athlete.
 Once she had been cast from the dueling scene, she never really knew what to make of herself. The Larkinsons likely sent her to Ves to find a new goal to work towards. The old fogies on Rittersberg likely wouldn’t be glad to hear that she decided to hitch up with one of the most violent and infamous gangs on Bentheim.
 "Raella, we’ve talked about this. You’re making a big mistake. You only see the noble side of the Blood Claws. All of that power and wealth is earned through less than savory means. Joining them means you are contributing to the social ills of Bentheim."
 "I know all of that! I’m not a naive little girl anymore." Raella grumbled as she pushed away her empty glass. "But you don’t see the good they do as well. The Blood Claws sound scary because they want to be feared. If you look underneath how they work, you’ll see that they’re not so bad as long as you play by their rules."
 "Those rules have no leg to stand on in the Republic’s laws. Gangs operate in a very different layer of society than the military or the regular private sector. Once you formally join the Blood Claws, you’ll shut the door to a legitimate job. There is no way you can remain a Larkinson as well."
 "What do you care about it?!" She spat back vehemently. "Is it great to be a Larkinson, when you’re consigned to join the Mech Corps from birth? That sounds a lot like slavery to me! Well I’ve had enough of nagging uncles and aunties telling me what to do. I quit the family!"
 Plenty of Larkinsons have distances themselves from the family over the years. Unlike some of the other military dynasties, the Larkinsons have been very relaxed about the issue.
 Don’t want to be a Larkinson? Okay. We’ll update our registry. Henceforth, you are not an official member of the family anymore. Just don’t come crying back when you encounter a setback and you don’t have a shoulder to lean on. You made your bed.
 The choice to quit your family association meant you embraced freedom over duty. The Larkinsons didn’t quibble too much over the loss of free-thinking offspring, thinking that it would be better to let them spread their wings rather than hold them captive in a cage. In that regard, if Raella really wanted to cast herself from the family, Ves had no means to prevent her from going through with her choice.
 He still found it to be a very bad choice.
 "Raella, please, think it over. There are many other outfits you can join instead. If you fancy a rough life, there are many reputable mercenary corps you could choose from. They’d love to employ a Larkinson like you."
 She shook her head. "I’m not doing this for the money! You don’t understand a single thing what I’m saying! It’s like this. I don’t fit in with the Larkinsons. They’re all so serious about pursuing a career in the Mech Corps. Well, I don’t want to be a cog in a machine. What I want is to fight alongside real comrades who I can trust to watch my back. Mercenaries don’t cut it. They fight for money and for a cozy retirement."
 "Is fighting alongside a bunch of thugs and criminals any better?"
 "Hey! They’re not all brutes like in the dramas! Many of them are like Fadah and Dietrich. I envy them, you know. All of the Whalers act like brothers to each other. The Blood Claws already treat me like a sister that I feel more welcome in their midst than back at the Larkinson Compound. All I get from cousins like you are snide remarks and disapproving looks. I’m fed up with that!"
 Ves understood that he couldn’t convince Raella to reconsider her decision. He wasn’t a man of eloquence, and neither did he have any experience in dealing with obstinate relatives.
 After a couple more back-and-forths, Ves resigned himself to this undesirable outcome. This looked to be a real mess, especially considering that Melinda served in the Bentheim Planetary Guard. What if Raella and Melinda faced each other on opposite sides one day?
 When Raella drunkenly stumbled back to her bunk, Ves sighed to himself. "The family won’t like it if she jumps ship with the Blood Claws when the Republic is at the cusp of war. They’ll take her defection as a betrayal."
 Even though Raella wouldn’t suffer any concrete punishment from her abrupt departure, henceforth she’d never be welcome at any of the family reunions.
 "Whatever. It’s her choice in the end. A gang is pretty bad, but at least she hadn’t gone pirate."
 At the very least, gangs operated in a grey area and could be relied upon to defend their territory when the Vesians came knocking at the door. Pirates on the other hand would cut down their own mothers in an instant and did not possess a single responsible bone in their bodies.
 Ves spent the rest of the day preparing for the impending departure. Whatever plans the Mech Corps cooked up, he had no doubt that the pirates objected to their departure.
 Everyone knew that the Mech Corps extracted a massive fortune from the red zone. Even if they hadn’t heard about the Rorach’s Bone the Gregarious Wrath recovered from the core of the Glowing Planet, the pirates would still attempt to chip away at their transports.
 In the meantime, the Glowing Planet experienced a lot of turbulence. The sudden onset of earthquakes and the temporary spike in spacetime anomalies alarmed every outfit operating on the surface of the planet.
 Even if the Glowing Planet’s rage eventually subsided, many people held suspicions on what could have triggered the outburst. Both the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion received increased scrutiny for that reason.
 Naturally, this also made it difficult to plan out their evacuation. Ves vaguely heard rumors that the Dragons of the Void had been organizing the disparate pirate alliances into opposing any departures by the two military forces.
 This reality put the Mech Corps in a weird spot where they had to cooperate with the Mech Legion in order to maximize their chances of making it out intact. If they lifted off from the planet by themselves, then the pirates would completely commit their entire forces on a single target.
 "Will the Mech Legion cooperate?"
 The Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom had been locked into a bitter, generational struggle for supremacy. They almost never looked eye-to-eye to each other. How could they forge an agreement when they hardly shared any common ground?
 As Ves had never personally taken part in a war against the Vesians, he found the idea of cooperating with the Mech Legion a distasteful but pragmatic choice.
 Unfortunately, much of the 4th Bentheim Division disagreed. Off-duty mech pilots practically spat at their names when they talked about the Vesians. He imagined their Vesians counterparts doing the same on the opposite side of the planet.
 Nevertheless, a small figure like Ves had no chance of taking part in the planning of such an important operation. He had to mind his own business.
 "So the Whalers are leaving most of their non-mech hardware behind?"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "That’s right." Dietrich said as he lay on the bed in one of the infirmaries. He suffered a minor breach in the cockpit that had mangled his arms. "While they’re still worth a couple of million credits, they’re all junk and they take up way too much space. My father would rather want to fill up his ships with containers full of exotics."
 That made sense. Ves figured most of the other outfits would be doing likewise. "Still, all of those containers will weigh down the transports. Many exotics have a much higher density than regular alloys."
 "We know, but we owe it to those who died to make it out with as much booty as possible. Dad wants to set up a fund for their families."
 The mood turned a little grim. Though Ves hadn’t witnessed any frigid battles, he could tell that the Whalers had changed.
 The constant fighting grinded away their confidence and harvested the lives of their brothers. They lost at least half of their mech pilots and most of their mechs. Even if they mined a fortune in exotics, such a massive loss had dampened any enthusiasm about getting rich.
 "We’ll recover." Dietrich whispered. "My dad already filled me in on where he plans to spend all of that money. We’ll be beefing our numbers. Besides recruiting mech pilots, we’ll also purchase better mechs. Dad is actually thinking about buying some of your models."
 "Good choice. I’ll personally fabricate some for Walter if he knocks at my door. It’s the least I can do."
 "Have you seen Raella?"
 "Yeah. She told me she wanted to join the Blood Claws. Please don’t tell me you have a hand in that."
 "It’s not my fault!" Dietrich raised his healthy hand in innocence. "She can be a bit intense when it comes to earning fame. She doesn’t think she’ll be able to distinguish herself if she’s serving in the Mech Corps. It’s much easier for her to earn some fame among the Blood Claws."
 Ves grew suspicious. "Is it because of Melinda?"
 "Don’t even start on Melinda." Dietrich groaned as he palmed his face. "You can’t imagine how jealous Raella is over Melinda’s duel against Captain Vicar. She’s always thinking about a way to trump that achievement."
 "Are the two of you still together?"
 "Yeah... well, sort of. I don’t think we can maintain a long-distance relationship." Dietrich hung down his head. "Ever since she hitched up with the Blood Claws, she became incredibly focused on her training. All of those battles polished her piloting style, so right now she’s improving pretty fast. Compared to that, what’s the use of a boyfriend? I should have never taken her to Bentheim in the first place."
 Ves clapped Dietrich’s shoulder in encouragement. "Man up, Dietrich. I’m not really good in relationships, but I think you still have a chance with her. Keep training and make sure you can keep up with her improvement. As long as you’re strong, she’ll continue to respect you."
 Actually, he had no idea what he was talking about. Ves merely wanted to console the Little Boss and encourage him to keep in touch with Raella. After all, how would Ves be able to keep tabs on her if she stopped corresponding with Dietrich?
 "What about your own love life?" Dietrich pricked back at him. "I’ve never seen you with a girl, and you rarely go out in the city to get to know someone. You’re not growing any younger, you know!"
 "Ahem, that’s none of your business." Ves stubbornly closed himself off. "Go back to healing. I expect the Mech Corps will begin their evacuation tomorrow. Even if you aren’t fit to pilot a mech, you should at least be tough to endure some shocks."
 The man on the bed began to frown. "It’s going to be that bad?"
 "I really don’t know, but we should plan for the worst. Many pirates haven’t brought sufficient mining equipment so they only harvested scraps compared to the bounty that the Mech Corps earned. Those pirates won’t be able to hold back I think. Stealing other people’s hard work has always been their modus operandi."
 After discussing a bit with Dietrich, Ves left the infirmary and began to consider his own options. He considered using up his golden lottery tickets, but found no opportunity to be alone. The base was packed full of people and the Mech Corps kept a close eye on all of them. He also figured that the lottery tickets mostly held items related to designing mechs.
 "With my luck, I won’t receive anything relevant that will help me survive the coming days."
 He returned to the Whalers and made his final preparations. Since the Barracuda remained up in space, Ves had to borrow a ride for himself, Melkor and his Stanislaw. He walked over to the rusty little mech carrier that would bring them into space and frowned.
 "How old is this ship?"
 The evacuation began in earnest the next day. The Mech Corps had already shuttered its mining equipment and loaded their transports with exotics the days before, but now they started to dismantle and pack in their high-value assets.
 Most of the objects that took up a lot of space but wasn’t actually valuable would be left behind. This consisted of things such as prefab structures and walls. Though they incorporated a fair amount of exotics, they relied more on their thickness than their material quality to withstand enemy attacks.
 Compared to low value bulk goods, the Mech Corps would rather load up their transports with more exotics. Even filling up their remaining cargo space with junk exotics made more sense than to retrieve their walls.
 The other outfits followed suit. They placed a high priority on shipping out their haul. Bringing back their mechs came at a close seconds. A fair amount of landbound mechs entered the carriers and strapped themselves down.
 Due to the recent battles, many of the berths had become free. Their owners cleverly filled up the remaining space with additional containers of exotics.
 Still, they couldn’t put away every combat-ready mech. The massive movement attracted the attention of the surrounding pirates.
 Their prey planned to make a run!
 The pirate alliances pounced on the base without any explicit attempts to coordinate their attacks. They merely followed their instincts and acted on any signs of weakness.
 The sudden but expected attack necessitated a strong defense. Many landbound mechs remained stuck on the planet and had to fight back the pirates that constantly swarmed their lines.
 At a certain field of rocks and cliffs, the Stanislaw huddled forward with its rifle radiating a fair amount of heat. The rifleman mech looked like it had seen better days. Significant amounts of armor had peeled away from all of the lasers and explosive shells that had glanced off the frame.
 "Incoming squad of pirate mechs!" Melkor reported, though his mech had already sent the telemetry of his sightings to the Blood Claws. "One light, six mediums, one heavy!"
 "Say again, did you just mention a heavy?"
 "It’s a salvaged artillery mech! They’ll likely deploy it on the high ground up ahead and bombard the walls from a distance!"
 The Blood Claw operator on the other end of the channel cursed. "We’ve already depleted our stock of missiles and we don’t have anything that can outrange a heavy artillery mech. We’ll be sending out an oversized squad to take care of the threat. Hold your position and guide the squad to the artillery mech when they arrive. Can you do that?"
 "Got it. My mech still has some fight left into it. I have to pay them back for scratching up my Stanislaw."
 On a more open side of the battlefield, the pirates deployed their mechs in significant numbers. A swarm of mechs raced forward to overwhelm the defensive lines.
 Raella, Fadah and Walter stood before the walls along with the rest of the Blood Claws and their affiliated groups. They had been tasked with keeping this patch of wall steady, and for the sake of their massive haul, they promised to defend this wall to their deaths.
 Whether the Mech Corps believed the vow or not was another question.
 In any case, the Blood Claws made their stand, and the pirates came running to challenge their conviction.
 "Careful, lads. Not all of the pirate mechs are carrying undercharged energy cells. Aim for the upper torso or the legs if possible. Avoid the waist and lower back as much as you can. Ranged mechs, aim high and focus on knocking off their heads if possible. They’re much easier to disable once they lose their main sensors."
 As the commander of the Blood Claws instructed their men, Raella sighed and opened a channel to Fadah. "I bet I can take out more mechs than you. I’m not the Raella you’ve seen before."
 "Fat chance!" The light mech specialist laughed. "Even with your fancy new mech, it still pales in comparison to what your cousin designed. There’s no contest which mech is better!"
 Ever since her Sliverath bought the farm, the Blood Claws prepared another mech for her to use. Though someone else had originally reserved the mech, the brass decided to hand it to her on account of her skill. Many of the mech pilots in the employ of the Blood Claws never enjoyed the amount of systematic training that any Larkinson potentate had gone through.
 "Here they come!"
 A wave of pirate mechs braved the base with fanaticism driven by greed and brainwashing. By now, everyone had heard of how the Dragons of the Void messed with the heads of the pirates and made them pliable to their orders. If the Dragons of the Void wanted to throw away a thousand mechs, they could easily do so without any consequences.
 It took a lot of courage to assault the Mech Corps directly. Many of the smarter pirate outfits had shown up on the battlefield but cleverly hung behind the first wave of idiots that had stormed ahead. Nobody sober wanted to lead the charge.
 "Watch out for their energy cells! Take them out at a distance if you can!"
 The defending side brought more ranged mechs than melee mechs this time. Once the pirates came within a certain range, all of the rifles and cannons spat out beams and projectiles at the incoming mechs.
 Their fire focused first and foremost on the light mechs. The downside to charging forth in a massive uncoordinated swarm was that the light mechs didn’t have much room for maneuver. They risked a collision if they juked too much and bumped into another mech.
 Even then, it took a fair amount of firepower to score the first kills. Half of the mechs collapsed in a lifeless heap, but the other half exploded violently.
 Some of those explosions affected the mechs next to them. A portion of the mechs that suffered the most substantial damage exploded as well as their overcharged energy cells discharged all at once.
 The subsequent chain reaction disrupted the charge and plunged the formation into momentary confusion.
 "This is our chance! Charge!"
 The Blood Claws surged forward, closing the short distance that remained, and hammered into the confused huddle of pirates.
 One thing the Mech Corps learned about these brainwashed pirates was that they lost their edge. In practice, they became more dim-witted and couldn’t really think for themselves.
 It was as if they had turned into human-form bots. Once you forced them into a loop of errors, you could easily shut them down.
 Right now, the Raella sprung forth with her new mech. She piloted an advanced skirmisher mech called the Nimue, which notably featured a partial rainmant of compressed armor.
 The Nimue blitzed past the front ranks of the pirates and sliced away at their arms. Though the strikes hadn’t penetrated deep, she did manage to cut through some of the thinner armor around the arms and inflict some internal damage, therefore weakening the limbs.
 "Hey! You’re going in too deep!" Fadah called as he brought his Blackbeak in front of a sluggish knight. "Come back here, Raella!"
 The enemy pilot in front of him recovered just in time to parry Fadah’s sword with its shield. Still, he couldn’t prevent Fadah from slipping to his flanks and sink the sharp edge of the Blackbeak’s phoenix shield into its legs.
 The pirate knight buckled a bit, opening it up for a stab through its thinner back armor. The Blackbeak pushed its weight into the thrust until the sword had reached the cockpit.
 "That’s one down." He muttered as he carefully retracted his sword in order to avoid bumping into the energy cells.
 Many of the pirate mechs carried overcharged energy cells. Their wrecks remained a hazard even if they had been taken out safely. It only took one stray shot to set them off. This was why Fadah pulled his Blackbeak away as fast as possible. In recent times, every pilot acquired the habit of avoiding fallen wrecks. The risk of getting caught in a sudden blast was too much.
 The wave of defenders eventually pulled back after having thinned out the pirate riffraff. Constant movement and sudden changes in direction served to confuse the brainwashed pirates even further. They didn’t even realize their enemies had pulled out. They needed at least ten seconds to get a grip on the new situation.
 "Open fire!"
 The ranged mechs had cooler their laser rifles or changed the magazines of their ballistic weapons once the melee mechs went in. Now that they returned, the ranged mechs opened fire again.
 This time, more explosions sounded out, as many of the fire focused on damaged and immobilized mechs. The chain reactions that resulted from the second volley destroyed even more mechs than at the start.
 Once the ranged mechs reached their limits, they stopped their fire, prompting the melee mechs to set forth again.
 The clever see-saw tactic made short work out of the initial wave of pirates. The onlookers who wanted to profit at the expense of the first wave hadn’t been able to summon up the courage to follow up. The defenders hardly suffered any losses.
 The mantises died to quickly for the orioles to pounce on the cicadas!
 "Pff. The cowards." Raella taunted as she brought her Nimue back in line. Her mech suffered a fair amount of scratches, but the vitals all held up with the help of its compressed armor. "Why did they think they stood a chance in the first place? Even if they overran our position, they still have to deal with the reserves from the 4th Division."
 Fadah tapped his finger against the armrest of his piloting chair. "You can’t fault the pirates for making a last attempt. I got the sense that the Dragons of the Void never planned to take back these mechs in the first place. Just look at them. They’re mostly junkers that are worth ten million credits at most. A single container filled with junk exotics is worth at least twice as much."
 That made a disturbing amount of sense. Even though the Mech Corps constantly thrashed the pirates, they kept coming back as if they literally held no value. By the time the Dragons gathered up these dregs, they only composed of a fraction of what they initially brought to the surface.
 "Well, we should thank our fortunes that the Dragons of the Void have been so loose with their slaves. If they saved them all up, they could have overwhelmed our defenses with sheer numbers."
 As the remaining defenders stabilized the lines, Ves watched on at the roof of one of the prefab workshops. He didn’t have any use at this moment, as the time for repairs had passed. Right now, every available hand helped out with loading up the spaceships.
 He looked out at the distance and imagined all the fighting that went on there. Ves had tapped into his Blackbeak’s feed but lost connection on the way. Some of the communication lines had been cut for some reason or another.
 "Maybe this is a good time to use up my lottery tickets."
 No one paid attention to Ves at the moment. With pirates at their doorstep and ships that needed filling, the Mech Corps spared no effort in monitoring a single if somewhat special mech designer.
 Ves carefully looked from side to side, and spotted nobody nearby. "Lucky, is anything monitoring us right now?"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "Meow!"
 Lucky had already swatted away a few bugs. Nothing else had drifted close since then. Ves took that as an affirmative and sat down in an enclosed corner. He brought up his comm and activated his Privacy Shield before he turned to the Lottery page.
 Ten glistening golden tickets awaited his perusal. As always, the System went the extra mile to dress up its features. The tickets looked life-like and floated in front of Ves like an attractive school of fish.
 "I hope you turn up something better than an old lantern or something."
 Ves found the bronze and silver tickets to be a waste of time and DP. Even if he could buy them in bulk, he would rather use up his points in the Shop or Skill Tree. At least he’d get what he paid for in those cases.
 As for these lottery tickets, if his luck bode ill, he might end up with ten complete duds. The risk of scoring ten straight misses weighed heavily on Ves.
 "I’m not that unlucky, am I?"
 A sense of cautious anticipation swelled inside Ves. The System held extremely high standards, and the golden lottery tickets should be worth the effort of retrieving that strange jewel from the core of the Glowing Planet.
 "There’s no way the System will hand over a crappy reward for a B-rank mission."
 From his frequent dealings with the System, he knew that it would never stint him on his rewards. It held itself to a high standard in terms of its offerings. As impersonal as the System behaved, it displayed a very rigid sense of class.
 Still, lottery tickets never guaranteed a pay off. That was the nature of gambling. Ves had no doubt that if he bought a bunch of bronze or silver lottery tickets from the System, he’d waste far more DP than he would gain in value from his wins.
 Ultimately, the System profited.
 That put Ves to thought. Why did the System work with Design Points? What did it actually represent?
 "I gain Design Points for designing mechs and selling them to others. The more I design, the more points I earn. The more my mechs proliferate, the more points I receive."
 The System obviously incentivized Ves to conquer the mech industry and make his designs ubiquitous. What he didn’t understand was what the System got out of it. DP was a currency that Ves could spend on very real benefits, such as upgrading his Skills or purchasing a powerful item from the Shop.
 "It’s not fantasy money that the System uses to restrict my spending." He guessed. He didn’t think that the System came with an endless reservoir of energy and rationed some of it out to Ves in limited amounts. "It’s more as if the act of designing and selling mechs is empowering the System."
 From what he could speculate, DP represented some form of higher energy, likely existing in the imaginary realm. Every mech he sold generated some of this energy, which the System somehow captured and digested it to fuel its own incredible workings.
 A ridiculous level of technology underpinned these workings. Ves frequently admired the workings of the System. Whenever he thought he found its limits, the System surprised him with another capability. All of these wonders required an enormous amount of energy that not even a capital ship’s reactor could supply enough power to these processes.
 "It’s impossible for me to figure out how the System works."
 He lacked the technical background to even attempt such an analysis. Ves was like a caveman who stumbled upon an abandoned shuttle. He didn’t need to know how it worked to press a couple of buttons and get the shuttle to fly.
 "It’s enough for me to work within the boundaries set by the System."
 Even if the System had a nefarious purpose, for now Ves had little to fear. He only received plenty of benefits so far. It wasn’t too late to throw it away if it ever became a threat.
 He moved on to the lottery tickets, which continued to hover in front of him. The projection appeared so realistic that he could almost touch them if not for his hazard suit getting in the way.
 Using up the tickets on an isolated rooftop of an empty workshop didn’t seem very prudent, but Ves had nothing to fear so long as he kept up his trusty Privacy Shield.
 Lucky also scampered nearby. With his pet on the prowl, no spy bugs should be able to get close enough to breach the Privacy Shield.
 "Here goes nothing."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Ves extended a gauntleted finger and ripped apart the first golden lottery ticket. The entire thing shone bright before revealing the interface upon which he would draw his prize.
 A bin materialized that held a bunch of golden balls. Each of them shone with an attractive luster, as if they hinted at a great treasure. Ves figured that he had to pick and choose which ball to take.
 "Here goes nothing."
 He held out his hand and dug it deep into the bin of balls. The balls all appeared to be made of solid gold, which made it difficult for his suited arm to extend into the bin, but he persevered. Once his gauntlet reached the bottom of the bin, he grabbed hold of a random ball that rested at the bottom and carefully retracted it out of the bin.
 The ball he held began to shine. Its gold surface sparkled and dematerialized, revealing a great light hidden inside its hollow cavity.
 [You have failed to draw a prize from your golden lottery ticket. Please draw again.]
 "..."
 Really? After so much fanfare, he wasted an entire ticket?
 "Come on, System! This is such a big scam!"
 Alright, so he confirmed that even golden lottery tickets could end up as duds. Even though he predicted the possibility, it never felt good to fail on the first draw.
 Once he finished drawing the price, the bin stirred itself up and the balls began to bounce back and forth. Once the process finished, Ves could use up another ticket by drawing another ball.
 "Next try then."
 He drew out one of the balls at the top this time. When the golden ball began to shine, it split up to reveal a miniature object inside.
 [Congratulations! You have received a 10-year production license of the following sensor component: Colchester Revisions 44-SBNC1341455A.]
 "At least I got something this time."
 His tone sounded remarkably flat, because he did not have a clue on the value of this sensor license. Neither the company name or the unspeakable codename revealed any hint of its true value. Just because he received a production license didn’t mean he could apply them immediately.
 A license had to fit his vision instead of the other way around. In addition, chances were high that the sensor component either underperformed or demanded way too much exotics to be cost-effective. He’d have to check it out later to see whether the license held any use at all.
 "If nothing else, I can always sell the rights to the license for a couple of billions credits."
 In general, most production licenses could be sold or transferred to an interested party, though usually at a discount.
 Ves put the matter aside and drew another ball.
 This time, the ball shone much more brighter than the last one. It practically blinded his visor, causing it to automatically adjust. Something remarkable appeared out of the light.
 A resplendent looking laser pistol materialized from the ball. Its beautiful appearance adopted a classy, vintage look. A generous amount of golden-like flourishes adorned its gleaming white surface, and the grippy, bone-plated grip automatically expanded its form to allow his gauntlet to wield the pistol properly.
 Ves focused on the weapon in his hand.
 [Amastendira - Inv]
 Rank: Supreme
 The Amastendira is a masterwork laser pistol hand-crafted by Pierre Femento, the renowned Rubarthan laser gunsmith. The Amastendira is part of a set of three pistols. It is rumored that the three pistols can be combined into a single super-rifle which can pose a threat to a cutting-edge mech.
 On its own, the Amastendira is a fully-fledged laser pistol that can be compacted into an unassuming cube, allowing it to be pocketed. Once retracted, it can fire a variety of laser beams at a wide variety of power settings.
 The efficiency of this weapon is directly related to its power settings. The Amastendira can fire up to five-thousand standard-powered beams before entering a one-hour cooldown cycle. Its renewable energy cell allows the pistol to constantly replenish its power and its dimensional heat sink enables it to shunt any heat into another dimension.
 At maximum power, the pistol will only be able to fire ten beams in quick succession, and will need to cool down for at least ten minutes.
 This unique work of art is the crystallization of Pierre Femento’s life’s work, but has been presumed lost. This weapon is has been partially reconstructed, but a significant amount of hidden settings still remain dormant.
 "This pistol!"
 Ves could not believe what he received. His dinky little backup pistol he holstered at his hip might as well be a toy in front of this slim and elegant piece of art. He could practically feel the X-Factor radiating out of this majestic weapon. This Pierre Femento must have designed and created it with an abundance of passion and love.
 With bated breath, he slowly tightened his grip on the weapon, as if he was afraid it was an illusion. He was most impressed with its capacity to fire five-thousand standard laser beams without requiring any rest in between.
 What did five-thousand consecutive shots means? It meant he could pretty much hold down the trigger and burn through a solid a solid piece of ship armor given enough time. It meant he could lay down as much fire as a full squad of infantrymen.
 In addition, he noticed that the power settings could be dialed up to such a formidable level that he could burn through regular mech armor with a couple of focused volleys. Exoskeleton armor formed no obstacle at all.
 "This is what I was looking for. Now I’m not so toothless anymore without Lucky."
 Ves always found it grating to rely on Lucky to save him from a sticky mess. Now, with a formidable weapon by his side, he possessed the means to fight back, though he hadn’t turned into a super soldier all of a sudden. Even the best weapons could be rendered ineffective if its wielder didn’t possess the skill to wield them effectively.
 Sadly for him, Ves only received basic self-defense training with pistols. His aim was far from ideal, which made this weapon a poor fit for him. He could tell that Pierre had designed this weapon for a highly skilled combatant, because it incorporated absolutely no form of aim assistance at all.
 "An expert gunslinger doesn’t need any form of help."
 Despite this major deficiency, Ves still cherished this weapon.
 "What does the ’Inv’ stand for?"
 [Any object that carries the suffix of Inv can be dematerialized into the Inventory offered by Mech Designer System with no limits.]
 "Wow!"
 Ves asked a couple of more questions, and for once, the System spared enough energy to answer his questions.
 Any item above a certain rank could be held in the System’s inventory, as long as he obtained it from the System in the first place. Amastendira happened to be an item that came with the rank of Supreme, which happened to be several times more remarkable than Lucky, who initially bore the rank of Gold when he initially received him as a gift.
 Ves glanced over at Lucky, who didn’t appear to be impressed by his fancy new weapon. The cat had transformed from a regular bronze-like gem cat to an impressive looking bone-white cat. The amount of Rorach’s Bone he ingested was virtually priceless, with the high-grade bone contributing the most to Lucky’s newfound strength.
 "Don’t worry, Lucky. You’re still the best gift ever."
 Once he finished admiring his splendid-looking gift, he dematerialized it into his Inventory before going back to his lottery drawings.
 His luck seemed to have run out over the course of the next draws. He encountered dud after dud.
 [You have failed to draw a prize from your golden lottery ticket. Please draw again.]
 [You have failed to draw a prize from your golden lottery ticket. Please draw again.]
 [You have failed to draw a prize from your golden lottery ticket. Please draw again.]
 [You have failed to draw a prize from your golden lottery ticket. Please draw again.]
 He finally received a solid prize on his eight drawing.
 [Congratulations! You have received a single-use Superpublish voucher! Use this voucher to activate your Superpublish ability on any of your solely-developed designs. This voucher will not use up your regular Superpublish quota.]
 Compared to the Amastendira, this Superpublish voucher failed to excite him in any way. If he remembered correctly, the Superpublish ability enabled him to spontaneously improve any design by ten percent.
 Before, he always held back on this ability because he had to wait for an entire year before he could use it again. What if he used it frivolously and later ended up in a situation where he had to break past his limits to save his life? Thus, Ves always put the ability into a mental vault, and locked it away, never to be used unless his life was truly at stake.
 Getting another chance at using the Superpublish ability granted him a lot more leeway with this ability. He planned to keep the voucher in his Inventory and save it up for a genuine emergency.
 In the meantime, he’d use his regular Superpublish ability as often as possible in order to make full use of its possibilities. Even if Ves wouldn’t be able to earn any DP for any designs improved in this way, he’d still be able to learn a lot from all of the changes.
 Now, only two more lottery drawings remained. Ves itched his fingers for the final two balls.
 [You have failed to draw a prize from your golden lottery ticket. Please draw again.]
 "Of course. Why not."
 Ves shook his head as he received another dud on his next draw. Even a golden lottery ticket couldn’t escape from the System’s stingy grasp. It reiterated again how much of a bad trade it was to engage with this scam-like lottery business.
 "I get the feeling it’s a convenient way for the System to limit my actual rewards."
 His distaste for the System’s Lottery grew when he tried and failed to find a listing of the probabilities of winning any prizes. That was illegal!
 Yet no matter how many times he nagged, the System remained inscrutable. He could only give up and draw the last golden ball with an apprehensive arm.
 Once he retrieved the final ball, it shone as bright as the one that held the laser pistol. "This must be a big prize!"
 Indeed, once the light had faded away, a translucent pill appeared in its midst. The entire lottery interface faded away now that he used up all of his golden tickets, but Ves didn’t care as he stared at the compelling little pill.
 "What is this?"
 [Congratulations! You have received a Transcendence Pill. This object can be ingested to provide a powerful mental boost and break the human limit of any random mental Attribute without any lasting negative consequences. Ingesting the pill comes with considerable risk, and requires considerable mental and physical fortitude to survive the transformation process. It may take 1 to 88 days to complete this process.]
 This time, Ves received another major prize. He had always been keeping his eye out on a way to breach past human limits. His endurance once reached past 2.0, but it reached that state in a highly unstable manner. His body slowly broke apart from the constant stress.
 This time, the Transcendence Pill offered to do the same, but without any of the unsustainable elements. Even though the description still pointed out some risks, as long as he made the right preparations, there wouldn’t be any lasting dangers.
 "Still, if it takes up to eighty-eight days to complete the transformation process, then it’s not a good idea to use it up at this time."
 Right now, he was in the middle of a warzone. Soon, he’d be evacuated into space, but the danger only started from there. He could not afford to put himself under at this crucial time.
 The System categorized the Transcendence Pill as a Supreme item, so Ves easily dematerialized it into his Inventory. Both his weapon and his pill would be absolutely safe there as long as his comm remained in his possession.
 "It’s too bad I don’t have any way of upgrading my comm."
 The fact that the comm that held his System could be taken away at any moment represented a major weak point in his security arrangement. Ves had been eying some comm upgrades in the Shop that could alleviate these risks, but right now he was loath to spend so much DP.
 Overall, leaving aside the Special Upgrade Voucher, Ves received a fair amount of compensation for all of his trouble. The Amastendira met his need for a powerful self-defense option while the Transcendence Pill saved him the trouble of figuring out a way to break the human limit on his own.
 As for the sensor production license, Ves reserved his judgement on it. He’d check on it once he returned to Cloudy Curtain.
 "It really sucks that I’ve only scored three prizes out of ten draws."
 With a tentative success rate of forty percent, golden lottery tickets sure provided an unsteady amount of value. Even if three out of the four prizes appeared to be exclusive items that provided benefits that couldn’t be found in the Shop, it still didn’t change the fact that it had been a risky exchange.
 He glanced over at Lucky. His cat acted a bit grumpy as Ves fawned over his shiny new toys.
 "Are you jealous?"
 Lucky flicked his tail and turned around, ignoring Ves entirely.
 Ves didn’t take his pet’s behavior to heart. "Let’s go downstairs. It’s about time we board our ride."
 He walked down the stairs and sought out the beaten-up Happy Jelly. The transport converted into a mech carrier hadn’t fared well on the surface. Sporadic long-ranged bombardment had struck the carrier, chipping away at its rusted armor coverage.
 The Whalers patched up the craters as best they could, but they obviously hadn’t been very proficient in the repairs. Even Ves could do a better job on his own.
 Still, he figured it would be better for him to stick with the Whalers as they all came from Cloudy Curtain. It wasn’t to the point where he trusted them with his life, but they had more reasons to keep him safe than the Blood Claws or the Mech Corps.
 "Ves! You’re here!" A suited Whaler waved at him as he supervised the final loading process of the Happy Jelly. "I’ve been wondering whether you’d come. I thought you hitched a ride with the 4th Division."
 "The Mech Corps can be kind of touchy about letting me board their carriers." He responded. "Right now, they’re focused on breaking through the pirate blockade in space. Having me around is a security risk."
 "Couldn’t you have traded some favors to get aboard their ships?"
 "It’s not worth the price."
 Indeed, he already inquired about the possibility. Perhaps because of his shenanigans aboard the Gregarious Wrath, the Mech Corps put up a list of strict demands for Ves to continue his association with them. He rejected them because he didn’t wish to start his draft at this time.
 "How far is the loading process?"
 "Everything essential is loaded up. We’re only waiting for the final phase. It’s going to be a tough time trying to load up all of the mechs that are fending off the pirates at the walls."
 Ves nodded at that. It couldn’t be helped, as the pirates continued to pour inside the red zone. They hungrily eyed the transports filled with higher grades of exotics. As long as they could shoot down one of them, they’d be able to salvage more than what they mined from the planet on their own.
 "I’ll go inside. Don’t stay out for too long!"
 As he entered the familiar badly-maintained interior of the Happy Jelly, the dirt and rust didn’t look so awful anymore. Ves had the sense that he returned home. It was as if the Happy Jelly called out to him and told him he belonged.
 Sadly, much of the recent deaths had hollowed out the ship. Many of the mech stables that ordinarily held mechs had been filled with cargo containers. The Jelly expected much fewer mechs to return to their berths this time.
 The high level of losses sustained in this campaign had put a definite dampener on the mood of the crew. In his time among the Whalers, Ves found out that much of the members shared family relations with each other.
 People recruited their brothers into the gang, and sisters married any man they found dashing. Among the Whalers, the mech pilots represented the apex of the organization, so it was a given that they all left a large number of widowed husbands and wives.
 "If so many people die in a single campaign, then I get why my mother is so averse to conflict."
 Thinking about his deceased mother ruined his mood as well. He had no idea what to think about the ghost who stole a big prize from underneath his nose. Though it eventually made no difference as the high-grade Rorach’s Bone failed to meet the conditions to complete the mission, he still found it to be an awful experience.
 At least he could finally say goodbye to this pernicious thieving ghost. The Glowing Planet and all of its secrets would soon become a headache for the Hexadric Hegemony and the Friday Coalition to deal with. They possessed plentiful tools to deal with energy beings like the ghost.
 "Not that I’m helpless like before. This time I’ve got the Amastendira on my side."
 One particular benefit of the mastercrafted laser pistol was that it came with a setting specialized in hurting energy beams. Ves actually looked forward for the ghost to appear in his midst again. He had a nasty surprise in store for the sticky-fingered creature.
 With the death of many mech pilots, a couple of cabins became ownerless. The Whalers assigned him one of the best and roomiest cabins this time. They even went through the trouble of cleaning up the place and removing all of the effects of the previous occupants.
 Lucky roamed around the roomy cabin, meowing in satisfaction. Ves stowed away his luggage before stepping out of the cabin. He knew the Whalers lacked a solid team of mech technicians and could use a solid kick in the butt.
 Once he entered the Jelly’s workshop, all of the mech technicians looked towards Ves. Almost everyone had worked under him at some point at the start of the campaign so they instinctively lowered their heads at his presence.
 Inventing the undercharged energy cells also added to his prestige. Ves didn’t even have to say a word to take over the entire workshop deck.
 "Give me an overview. How many landbound mechs are we expecting and how many spaceborn mechs does the Jelly carry?"
 The oldest-looking tech stepped forward. "We’re expecting five landbound mechs, which includes the Urmech, the Blackbeak and the Stanislaw. As for spaceborn mechs, we only carry two of them. Would you like to see them?"
 "Yes. They’re vital to the defense of this carrier. Before we lift off from the Glowing Planet, I want to make sure they’re in fighting shape."
 While the technicians led the way towards the two spaceborn mechs, over at the perimeter of the base, the open field had turned into a torn and broken landscape.
 An abundance of wrecks littered the site. While a fair amount of mechs looked reasonably intact save for a hole in the cockpit or a cut to their limbs, an even larger amount of debris looked like they had gone through a storm.
 Many pirate outfits lacked the connections or fabrication capabilities to supply their mechs with undercharged energy cells. This led to a judicious amount of explosions that hurt their side more than their opponents.
 "I think it’s about time we pull back." Raella muttered as she cast some of her sensors to the ranged mechs firing from the wall. "Some of the rifles have run out of ammo."
 "There’s still another wave of pirates heading in our direction." Fadah noted as he beheld the loose arrangement of pirate mechs coming up to the debris field. "Hah! They sent so many mechs at us that they have to watch their footing!"
 The sheer amount of wrecks inadvertedly blunted much of the later pirate waves. In addition, the Dragons of the Void had exhausted much of its cannon fodder. They had to prod the other pirate alliances to pick up the slack, with mixed results.
 "This latest bunch look dangerous, though. They’ve brought multiple heavy knights to the fore. I thought pirates shouldn’t be able to produce these kinds of mechs!"
 "That doesn’t stop them from stealing them." Fadah explained. "In fact, it looks a lot like this outfit raided a military supply depot. These mechs are sporting serious hardware."
 Fortunately, the Mech Corps finally sent the recall signal. The ships had finished loading the final cargo. Now, they only awaited the final batch of mechs that defended the perimeter.
 "Let’s go! This is the end run!" The commanding officer of the Blood Claws transmitted to the mechs defending this corner of the base. "Don’t panic and don’t run ahead. Stick to the plan and pull back in an orderly fashion!"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Thousands of mechs across the entire base collectively shrunk back. They pulled away from the walls and briskly headed towards the mass of carriers that awaited their arrival.
 The pirate mechs noticed the retreat and hastened their way through the debris field. Both sides tried to reach the center and fight the final battle on the surface of the Glowing Planet.
 This was the end run.
 At first, the pirates approached without contest. Once they walked past the debris field, they bypassed the walls and trudged into the interior of the base. Their prey had gone ahead and retreated towards the center of the base, where a host of ships awaited their arrival.
 Surprisingly, the pirates hardly encountered any opposition. The lack of any obstacles among the empty prefab buildings lulled them to a sense of complacency. They unconsciously dismissed any threats among the empty streets and gathered up their numbers before they approached the final defensive envelope.
 A fair distance away, at the very center of the red zone, a horde of mechs started to load up to their carriers.
 Badly damaged mechs entered first, followed by ranged mechs that expended all of their ammunition. Only a final defensive line of laser rifleman mechs and undamaged melee mechs held their ground.
 Alongside these mechs, a large number of anti-air and anti-missile turrets dotted the massive landing field. These formidable military-grade turrets fended off the occasional orbital and missile bombardment as well as any mechs that approached from the ground. A handful of turrets specializing in fast response even reacted swiftly enough to intercept ballistic shells.
 The only way to break through the final defensive line was to commit to an all-out assault. Even though the final defensive line intimidated the pirates, their courage continuously swelled as their numbers grew.
 On the opposite of the pirate mechs, Raella grinned as she looked forward to the show to come, though she sighed as she thought of her Nimue.
 Her light mech hadn’t fared too well in recent deployments. Many of its compressed armor plates showed signs of intense blows and some of them had even been peeled away. This meant she had very little buffer left to absorb further damage.
 "Will they fall for it?" She asked.
 "They’re not acting like they’ve caught on." Fadah said as he sat in the cockpit of his worn-out Blackbeak. His mech had fared better than Raella’s, but consecutive battles had stripped quite a bit of layers from its Veltrex armor system. "This is our last gambit. If it fails, we’ll be having a rough time."
 Fortunately, the pirate mechs cluelessly congregated in the open fairways between the abandoned prefab structures. Their standard sensors detected no explosives and not a hint of undermining beneath their feet. Thus, they swarmed into the base without reservation.
 Once the numbers turned from hundreds to thousands of mechs, Colonel Ilos who commanded the evacuation issued an order. "Set off the trap!"
 The prefab structures blew up all at once. The explosions had been synchronised down to the microsecond, leaving no opportunity for the pirates to take any precautions at all. Over fifty percent of the base suffered devastating explosions with a familiar electric bent. It turned out those prefabs had been stuffed with overcharged energy cells!
 Screams filtered out into the open channels as the lucky ones survived with mangled mechs. As for those who used the prefabs as cover, both their mechs and their pilots had been torn apart from their proximity to the blasts.
 The level of violence thrummed throughout the base and even the defenders had to fight to keep their footing. The massive shockwave from the simultaneous explosions even shifted some of the ships!
 As the explosions faded, Raella struggled to understand why the pirates hadn’t detected the energy cells. "How did the Mech Corps managed to fool their sensors? By now, every mech has their detectors peeled for overcharged energy cells."
 "It’s because the Mech Corps came with a specialized design that’s purpose-built as a bomb." Another pilot in the channel said. "You see, those mech sensors are calibrated towards detecting mech-sized energy cells, but the base has lots of tools that run on smaller energy cells. If the sensors picked all of those smaller energy cells up, the pilot would eventually grow deaf from all of the alarms, so they are all set to ignore the cells below a given size."
 Raella understood the ploy. "I see. So instead of making one large cell, you produce lots of smaller ones instead, and bunch them together so their chain reaction is still as devastating as the explosion of a single cell."
 Even though the magnitude of the explosion hadn’t managed to envelop the entire pirate force, it still brought a devastation to their ranks. At this stage, they lost at least a third of their mechs outright. Another third sustained moderate damage, while the rest got off lightly.
 However, even if they still retained enough mechs to overwhelm the defenders, they completely lost their confidence. The devious trap that had devastated the entire outer base had completely smashed their illusions of achieving an easy win.
 Some of the ornate mechs at the rear showed up to stiffen up the pirates and prevent them from turning back. A swordsman mech with dragon patterns even strode ahead and beheaded the cowards mechs who had already turned back.
 "There’s no way back!" Takeru shouted over the channel. "The Mech Corps is at the end of their ropes! Look forward and don’t turn back!"
 To add some weight to his words, the Dragons of the Void decided to launch their own gambit early. Something twinkled in the airless sky, prompting the anti-air turrets to swivel upwards and fire lasers and projectile at the incoming threats.
 The Nimue possessed better sensors than most of the other mechs, so it easily resolved the incoming signatures diving towards them from low orbit.
 "Incoming kamikaze ships!"
 That set off a throng of alarm. One of the most prevalent and destructive means to circumvent the MTA and CFA’s taboos on developing weapons of mass destruction was to employ massive objects originally built for another purpose as payloads.
 The amount of damage a single multi-ton ship could deliver upon crashing was immense, and right now over a hundred ships of varying sizes headed straight in their direction.
 "Shoot them down!"
 Fortunately, the Mech Corps hadn’t completely dismissed the possibility of such a tactic, though they never thought the pirates had the guts to commit so many ships. The anti-air turrets started overheating in rapid succession as they struggled to blast apart the sturdy ships.
 The transport vessels broke up easily enough, but the converted carriers often carried substantial armor at their bows, making it incredibly difficult to wear them down from the front.
 "Mechs, help the turrets. Their firepower isn’t enough!"
 The ranged mechs all aimed their weapons at the sky and fired them without concern for ammunition or heat. Even some of the melee mechs with backup pistols contributed some of their firepower.
 The enormous weight of fire had effect, but not enough. Though the defenders easily took down half of the ships, those had been the easy targets. The rest absorbed a lot of concentrated firepower until they eventually broke up.
 Even then, the debris remained a threat. They’d been carried forth in a parabolic arc that ensured that any pieces that emerged would continue to sail forth until it hit right in the middle of the base.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Some of the kinetic turrets and cannoneers had been tasked with knocking these pieces from their trajectory, but it was like pouring water through a sieve. Too many chunks emerged from the wrecks.
 "Brace for impact!"
 Eventually, the turrets exhausted all of their firepower and managed to destroy most of the ships.
 Only a couple of intact ships crashed in the giant landing field. Those that collided directly with stationary ships blew up in an awesome conflagration that affected the closest ships in the vicinity.
 Others missed the mark and impacted empty terrain, but the blast and the sheer amount of shrapnel heavily damaged several mechs and ships.
 In actuality, the falling debris caused much more damage. Most of the fleet carriers and combat carriers made it out with scratches and dents. Their robust construction and plentiful armor cladding enabled them to shrug aside most of the blows.
 The converted carriers and transports fared much worse. The Blood Claws lost six ships when the heavy remains punched through their relatively thin armor and impacted the engines or power reactor. Many other outfits suffered worse.
 Worse, much of the debris field fell upon the mechs on both sides. The pirates cursed as they tried to move out of the way of incoming debris that had gone astray, but most of the pieces fell amid the defenders.
 Fadah suffered a spate of bad luck as a sharp section of ship armor tore aside his entire shield arm. The momentum of the blow forced his Blackbeak into a spinning crash.
 "Fadah!" Raella yelled, though she had no time to help her comrade in arms. She clumsily tried to dodge the smaller pieces raining down upon her Nimue.
 "I’m okay!" He said as he instructed his mech to drop its sword and pick up the discarded shield. The Blackbeak tried to lift it up in front of it to face the incoming rain of terror. "I can take care of myself!"
 Even the Happy Jelly suffered a lot of scratches as a torrent of fine components scratched her outer service. Luckily, she escaped the worst of the incoming debris as she’d been posted at the edge of the landing field. All of the pirate ships had originally aimed to hit the center of the field where all of the most valuable transports resided. They’d been filled to the brim with high-value exotics.
 Indeed, many of those transports suffered substantial damage, and a fair amount had been destroyed outright. Despite the tragedies unfolding in their midst, Colonel Ilos kept her calm and urged the mechs to retreat to the surviving ships.
 "The pirates have given us all they got! They don’t have anything left to threaten us! Board your ship as fast as possible! We depart in ten minutes!"
 Trying to load every defending mechs onto the carrier within ten minutes was a tall order, especially with the sheer amount of confusion going on. Some of the mercenary mechs who’d lost all of their carriers had to beg the other outfits for a berth.
 To their credit, the gangs and mercenary corps with space to spare had welcomed these orphaned mechs. They all experienced the same disaster, so they unconsciously grew closer to each other.
 Most of the mechs that survived the attack managed to get to their carriers in time. As for the mechs that lost their mobility, their pilots decisively abandoned them and ran towards the nearest ship on foot. Still, not everyone made it to their ships for various reasons.
 After a couple of minutes of delay, Colonel Ilos finally had no choice but to cut off the final stragglers.
 "Lift off!"
 A majestic sight appeared when thousands of ships ascended from the landing field at the same time. Some of the pirates who regained their wits shot their weapons at them, but the sporadic volume of fire barely tickled the vessels.
 The Glowing Planet exhibited lower gravity than the standard Terran norm, so the ships accelerated upwards with ease. The ships quickly boosted out of range and departed from the surface at a clip pace.
 Inside the Happy Jelly’s workshop, Ves had constantly kept an eye on the situation happening outside. Even as he supervised some last-minute field repairs on the Happy Jelly’s spaceborn mechs, he still couldn’t help but feel powerless.
 "It’s impossible for me to influence a battle with thousands of ships and mechs."
 The Mech Corps had the situation well in hand, but even then Ves hated the thought of being a bystander. His moody thoughts affected his disposition, which in turn cowed the mech technicians acting on his instructions.
 He started to get the hang of managing subordinates. Leadership came increasingly natural to him once he established his authority.
 The Amastendira he won from the lottery also strengthened his nerves. The laser pistol he used to keep at his side had barely given him reassurances that he could take out any personal threats by himself. Ever since he received the mastercrafted laser pistol, he gained a lot of confidence that he could even take out a full squad of exoskeleton soldiers.
 The thought of wielding so much firepower unconsciously bled through his attitude. People who looked at him regarded him as an elite.
 Ves didn’t care what others thought of him. He constantly kept his eye on the projected proximity plot which broadly displayed the tactical situation of the ascending fleet. They slowly climbed up to orbit, where a friendly spaceborn fleet awaited their arrival.
 Ominously, many pirate vessels had begun to converge along their projected trajectory. The pirates weren’t willing to let them go.
 The entire surface of the Glowing Planet had turned into a salvager’s paradise. The amount of damaged and destroyed wrecks reached a mind-boggling number that would make any scavenger salivate at the prospect of unearthing this hidden wealth.
 Yet at this moment, nobody spared a glance at the valuable remains. Neither the pirates nor their adversaries put the wrecks in their eyes as they steadily maneuvered in low orbit.
 "At least three major pirate armadas are heading in our direction!" Ves concluded loudly. "Get the spaceborn mechs ready. We’re going to need their protection very soon!"
 The mech technicians obediently quickened their servicing of the two mechs. One of them actually consisted of Dietrich’s old Harrier. Though it had been designed as an aerial mech, it still functioned decently in space.
 The Little Boss himself walked over to Ves. "Is the Harrier in good shape?"
 "Good enough for your purposes. I made some last-minute tweaks that will push more speed out of your mech. How are your wounds?"
 Dietrich padded his recently regenerated arm. "The Mech Corps used their best facilities on hand to clone my arm. It’s going to take a year to work it in, but it won’t affect my accuracy when I’m back inside the Harrier."
 A mech pilot interfaced with their mechs with their minds, not their muscles. In theory, a brain in a jar could also pilot a mech.
 In practice, the state of the pilot’s body had a profound influence on the connection between the pilot and the mech. A pilot with an imperfect body often carried his ailments through the connection, thereby affecting the ultimate performance of the mech.
 Ves refrained from mentioning these facts to Dietrich because it went over his head. He let his friend keep his delusions in order to retain his confidence. It wouldn’t do to pop his bubble just when he was about to sortie.
 "So many pirates have come to spoil our escape." He sighed. "I never knew there would be so many pirates in the Komodo Star Sector."
 "You haven’t even seen the tip of their numbers. I can tell you there are way more pirates in the frontier and the Nyxian Gap who haven’t taken the bait. Most pirates are cowards, you see. Brawling out in the open like this isn’t their style."
 "Even then, it’s still ridiculous to see so many pirates sporting so much hardware. Even if their ships and mechs are scraping the bottom of the barrel, they still brought enough numbers to overrun a major region of stars. Why haven’t they carved out their own state with their firepower?"
 Dietrich laughed a that question. "That’s because they never see eye-to-eye with each other! Except for the Dragons of the Void, all of those other pirate groups can’t manage to keep a hold of more than a few hundred mechs. The moment they try to subjugate more pilots, they’ll all rebel and break apart."
 The mention of the Dragons of the Void caused Ves to frown. "Those guys again. Who are these people? They’re able to brainwash so many pirates it’s a wonder they’re still around. I would have thought the other pirates would have ganged up on them already."
 "It’s the same story. Pirates are fundamentally cowards and they never get along with each other. It takes a massive pirate horde to wipe them out, which is something that will never happen. Even now, those three pirate alliances heading to intercept the Mech Corps are guarding against each other as well."
 Ves hadn’t noticed that, but as he eyed the plot, it started to become clear. The pirates made sure to approach from opposite directions and follow trajectories that didn’t intersect with each other.
 "I’m not sure this will help us right now. The pirates seem content to stay out of each other’s way."
 Multiple predators of the same race wouldn’t quibble with each other in front of their prey.
 "Contact in twenty minutes! Mech pilots, please board your mechs!" An announcement rang out.
 "This is my cue." Dietrich said and turned around to race towards his Harrier. "Wish me luck!"
 Over the next minutes, the situation started to become clearer. Ves got a better idea of what went on when he analyzed the movements of all of the fleets.
 "First, we’ll converge with the spaceborn mechs of the Mech Corps. Second, we’ll combine forces with the Mech Legion!"
 That last one came as a surprise to Ves, but he quickly understood the logic. Neither the Mech Corps nor the Mech Legion stood a chance if the pirates decided to commit all their forces on one of their fleets.
 Rather than take the gamble and pray the pirates decided to go for their enemies, the two military fleets decided to take the certain path and gather together into one giant concentration of military-grade mechs and carriers.
 "Even the pirates will quell at the thought of facing such strength."
 The only problem was that the Mech Corps couldn’t trust the Mech Legion and vica versa. They only had an incentive to band together when they were knee-deep into the Glowing Zone. Once they reached the edge, all thought of cooperation would vanish. Ves predicted that it would be a game of chicken to see which side struck the first blow.
 "This is a mess."
 If his relatives back at the Larkinson Compound heard about the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion banding together, they’d laugh at him for being a liar. Yet this momentary alliance of convenience presented the best option by far to make it through their common enemy.
 The first part of the plan went smoothly. The pirates failed to intercept the ascending fleet before they merged with the spaceborn fleet. Bolstered by a significant amount of ships and mechs from the 1st Volari Spacehawks and some other regiments, the fleet gained a lot of teeth all of a sudden.
 Still, the pirates resolved to stop them before they converged with the Mech Legion. Even they could extrapolate their trajectories and figure out the military fleets intended to back each other up.
 Dietrich joined the massive formations of spaceborn mechs with his Harrier and continued to fend off the increasingly formidable waves of pirates. At another corner of the fleet, Ghanso Larkinson fought with relentless hatred against the pirates with his Vhedra mech. Their earnest defense caused the pirates to falter in their attacks.
 "They’re hesitating!"
 "I don’t see those Dragons of the Void bastards anywhere!"
 "Push hard and fast! They’ll pull back as long as we make them suffer!"
 A prodigious amount of firepower travelled through space. The defenders fought with fury as they vented their frustrations accumulated in recent times onto the pirates that dared to face the Mech Corps directly.
 Pirate mechs fell in great numbers, prompting the first of the cowards to turn back. However, a few of the daredevils continued to push onwards as they’d been promised great rewards for killing even one enemy mech.
 At this stage in the campaign, both sides had lost their edge. Every mech pilot fought at least a dozen different battles with only occasional bouts of sleep as their rest. The constant vigilance and nerve-wracking patrols wore down their mental states and slowed down their reflexes.
 Their mechs also dropped in quality. The pirates had it worst, as they often used cheap, salvaged mechs that ordinary mercenaries disdained. Many of the mechs they piloted had been scavenged from the scrap belts orbiting the Glowing Planet. They only enjoyed a rudimentary repair before being put back to service.
 This led to the unfortunate tendency for pirates to eject early. They possessed no faith in the strength of their mechs. Some pirates even piloted their fifth or sixth mechs.
 As for the Mech Corps, they used to field large number of high quality mechs. However, months of campaigning had ground down a substantial number of those premium mechs, which forced the mech pilots who ejected from a bad situation to take up cheaper run-of-the-mill mechs that had been kept as backups.
 Ves noted that despite the somewhat tepid enthusiasm among the pirates, they still scored plenty of kills. The Mech Corps continued to hemorrhage mechs as they attempted link up with the Mech Legion.
 "It’s the attrition and weariness that gets to you." He said as other mech pilots and mech technicians gathered at his side.
 Landbound mechs ceased to be useful in this conflict in space. Walter’s Urmech and Fadah’s Blackbeak had no way of maneuvering in space. They had to possess a flight system at the very least to travel back and forth.
 Not all landbound mechs lost all of their power. In an emergency, a couple of rifleman mechs could position themselves next to the hangar doors and shoot out when they opened, but usually that was a waste of time. The Whalers didn’t even bother with that nonsense.
 Fadah grumbled a bit when he stared at the Mech Legion’s fleet. "I’m more worried about the Vesians. We all know that we won’t be playing nice once we make it to the end."
 Even Ves worried about the possibility of falling out. They had to stick close enough to present a united front, but they also had to keep enough difference to discourage any funny business.
 "I’m sure the Mech Corps has the situation well in hand. They’re not stupid."
 They could only trust in the Mech Corps to see them through. If nothing else, Ves had learned how little he mattered in a conflict that spanned over countless mechs and tens of thousands of ships. Unless some kind of mythical ace mech pilot showed up, the battle between the different factions depended upon thousands and thousands of mechs.
 The sheer number of mechs involved in this struggle really opened his mind. As he tracked the slow convergence of the two military fleets, his despair about his insignificance increasingly took over his mind.
 Then, he stopped.
 "What am I thinking?" He shook his head. "I’m a mech designer. There’s always a way for me to influence a battle."
 As long as he designed better mechs that sold pretty well, he did his part in helping out the Republic. Ves imagined a day where his designs dominated the market and elevated everyone’s strength.
 Such a dream may take a long time to come into fruition, but it would definitely come to pass sooner or later.
 As Ves dreamt of better times, the battle out in space grew into a tangled and dispersed running skirmish. Thousands of carriers and transports of all shapes and sizes desperately boosted in a particular direction. They constantly built up their speed as they leveraged the Glowing Planet’s gravity well for their upcoming slingshot maneuver.
 This made it difficult for the pursuing pirates to catch up unless they followed the same trajectory. However, this would put them into a permanent chase where they wouldn’t have a lot of chances to catch up once they fell behind.
 Ghanso knew that he had to hold the pirates back at this stage. As long as they linked up to the Mech Legion and sling-shotted their way out of orbit, they’d buy some precious time.
 His Vhedra soared in space alongside his diminished squad and snapped off a series of shots. His laser beams disabled two approaching pirate mechs. While the machines hadn’t blown up, his lasers successfully disabled their fragile flight systems, stranding them in a helpless ballistic course that brought them further away.
 "Your aim’s improved!" A colleague at his side exclaimed. "Just a week ago you would have only taken out a single mech!"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "I had a lot of practice." Ghanso replied nonchalantly.
 Even as many mech pilots performed worser and worser, Ghanso was one of a few who constantly improved. Ever since he escaped death by ejecting early against the foreign expert mech, he found that some kind of limit had broken in his mind.
 Many skills he’d been struggling with for years saw rapid improvement all of a sudden. It turned him from a well-trained but inexperienced mech pilot into a force to be reckoned with. His marksmanship trumped over his squadmates by a significant margin, and he continued to improve every day.
 In truth, many mech pilots broke past their limits and experienced something similar to Ghanso’s state. Mech pilots who experienced true combat and survived with their spirits intact grew more passionate about piloting mechs and bonded deeper with their mechs.
 To a lesser extent, both Raella and Fadah experienced brisk improvement in their judgement and skills.
 While Ghanso was taking out enemy pirate mechs left and right, he hadn’t realized he attracted a lot of attention. The pirates shifted their deployment and a squad of extraordinary mechs veered towards his location.
 An alarm sounded off his console. "Priority alert! Incoming expert mechs!"
 The moment the three pirate-affiliated expert mechs moved into action, the rest of their ilk regained their courage. Unless an ace or god pilot came along, expert mech pilots enjoyed an unparallelled amount of regard. Their presence alone lifted up the pirates and depressed their opponents.
 Ghanso Larkinson shivered as his memories cast back at the time when he almost died to an expert mech. Of the three incoming mechs, he recognized one of them as the foreign-owned swordsman mech.
 As a light mech, the sophisticated swordsman mech excelled in both speed and offense. It was a one-trick pony that relied on its devastating speed to slice apart any mech in its way and avoid anything that posed a threat.
 Right now, that light mech took a backseat to the rifleman mech at the center of their formation. The expert rifleman pilot had already begun to shoot at the Mech Corps with his precision focused laser rifle.
 Even at such a ludicrous distance, the expert marksman never failed to miss a target. To consistently hit mechs after mechs when it moved so fast was a testament to the pilot’s skill and the mech’s advanced targeting technologies.
 "Get your heads back together, men!" One of their commanding officer spoke over the channel. "Expert mechs aren’t invincible. They can be damaged, hindered and deterred just like any other mech! Pirate experts are the lowest of the low. They have forsaken all of their honor and dignity to pursue scraps of wealth. They are nothing compared to our conviction! We are the Volari Starhawks! We are the spaceborn might of the Republic!"
 "For the Republic!"
 "For the Starhawks!"
 "Down with the pirate experts!"
 Somehow, Ghanso got caught up in the excitement. His fears faded away once he realized he had thousands of brothers and sisters at his side. "Experts can go toe-to-toe against a hundred mechs, but fighting thousands at once is a tall order even for them. We have our own experts as well!"
 Half of the Starhawks split up to deter the other pirates with long-ranged fire, while the remaining half tried to stall the approaching experts. Ghanso tried to recall his anti-expert training.
 "Spaceborn expert mechs are fast and durable no matter their weight-class. As wasteful as it sounds like, the best way to prevent them from acting with impunity is to throw as much firepower in their direction as possible."
 Many squads already started spraying their rifles and cannons in the direction of the experts. Unfortunately, the trio’s space knight flew forward and deployed a rectangular tower shield that extended into a half-dome after deploying extendable side plates. The entire shield also started glowing as some kind of energy screen set in.
 "Flank the experts but watch your firing lines! Follow your assigned plots!"
 More than a thousand mechs dispersed into a sphere that tried to envelop the incoming expert mechs. Despite the naked challenge, the pirate experts refused to be cowed by such tricks. They slammed head-long into the sphere. Dozens of mechs blew up to accurate high-powered laser fire and thunderous sword strokes.
 "Open fire according to your sequence!"
 The mechs that made up the sphere fired their weapons as soon as they received a special signal. Enough mechs fired at the same time to pressure the enveloped experts from each direction. They only stopped firing when the signal went out, which usually happened if they risked hitting a friendly mech on the other side of the sphere.
 Though accidents occasionally happened, the tactic produced solid results. The expert space knight tried and failed to cover the expert rifleman mech. As one of the more fragile expert mechs, the rifleman mech started to sustain significant damage to its rear armor.
 However, its rear armor’s toughness still surpassed the frontal armor of a regular heavy mech. The rifleman mech didn’t go down that easily.
 In the meantime, the swordsman mech diverged from its comrades and started to assail the sphere with constant high-speed passes. Each time the expert light mech passed a mech, its swords managed to bisect them in two.
 Many of the mechs that tried to target the light mech failed to land a hit. The mech was so remarkably fast and agile that even a hundred mechs failed to land a blow through saturation fire. The expert pilot skillfully moved his finely-tuned machine like an acrobat that always managed to find the tiniest gap in the volleys thrown in his way.
 "This slippery bastard!" Ghanso cursed at Old Man Alex’s killer. He had no idea why this foreign expert sided with the pirates, but he promised to himself that he wouldn’t let this expert get away with his slaughtering this time. "Die!"
 His Vhedra took up a stationary position in space, which turned him into a sitting duck. However, only by reducing all of his frame’s movement-related vibrations to a minimum could he ensure the highest accuracy.
 "I can do this. I hit him once, I can hit him again."
 The last time he scored a hit, the light mech charged at him head-on. It didn’t require too much technique to land a lucky hit.
 This time was different because the expert flew back and forth throughout the sphere formation. Ghanso had to tilt his rifle in much greater angles in order draw a bead on the light mech.
 As he tried to gain a feel for the light mech’s dodging patterns, he dialed up his laser rifle’s power to the maximum. A regular medium-powered laser beam didn’t cut it against this opponent. Even an expert light mech boasted enough armor to put an advanced medium knight to shame.
 Once his mech received permission to fire, Ghanso pulled the trigger.
 The laser beam went wide! It missed the light mech by more than ten meters due to the expert pilot’s abrupt maneuvers. The beam instantly travelled onwards into deep space for many light-seconds, growing ever wider until it scattered out of focus.
 "Damn it!"
 The previous time he hit the light mech turned out to be a fluke. Still, Ghanso tried to regain his calm and returned to his sniper state.
 By now, the light mech destroyed seventeen mechs in a row. Fortunately, the expert pilot never deviated from his targets once he began his approach, so many of unlucky mech pilots ejected early.
 Nevertheless, the Volari Starhawks kept getting chewed with hardly any results in return. The laser rifleman covered by the space knight continued to disable mech after mech with his lance-like laser beams that burned straight through compressed armor with each shot.
 Ghanso took a deep breath and focused on landing his second shot. Once he pulled the trigger, his beam missed again, but only by five meters this time.
 "So close!"
 He made the right prediction this time, but his mech failed to keep its rifle steady. His nerves grew increasingly frayed as he checked the heat levels of his rifle.
 He specifically applied to wield this model. It boasted a vastly higher maximum output capacity at the cost of generating an extreme amount of heat. His rifle could only take three more shots before it automatically entered a forced cooldown cycle.
 "I’ve got three more chances." Ghanso gritted his teeth and aimed again. This time, he didn’t take as long to draw a bead as he grew increasingly familiar with the light mech’s movement patterns.
 This time, a sharp red beam emerged from his rifle and managed to score a glancing blow at the light mech’s left foot.
 It barely scorched the armor. The expert pilot basically ignored Ghanso’s attack and kept focusing on decimating his nearby opponents.
 "Don’t ignore me!" Ghanso uttered and fired off another shot propelled by his anger.
 Whether he lucked out or not, the second beam impacted the railings of the light mech’s flight systems. The mech instantly ceased its attack run and whirled away its sword into a different direction.
 The sword top pointed straight at Ghanso, as if the pilot had marked him for death. With a blast, the light mech entered into its high-speed mode straight towards Ghanso’s Vhedra in a comet-like approach.
 The expert came for Ghanso’s head!
 "Even as his squad leader yelled at him to eject, Ghanso kept his mech in place and aimed his almost-overheated rifle at the incoming comet. His eyes twitched as he cast his mind completely into his mech.
 He stroked the mental trigger of his rifle, spitting out one, final beam.
 Though the light mech barrel rolled aside at the last moment, Ghanso incredibly predicted the expert’s split-second movement and struck the light mech’s face head-on with a high-powered laser.
 This time, the expert mech suffered a substantial blow, as its head enjoyed much less armor than its other parts. Even though the damage was largely cosmetic, Ghanso had literally slapped the expert mech’s face.
 The uber-fast light mech bayed for his blood.
 Ghanso knew he pissed off the light mech for sure. He switched off all of his communication channels, which stopped the incessant calls to eject. "It’s useless to eject. He’ll chase after my cockpit and slice it apart."
 In effect, he cut off his own escape route. He was fine with that. As the light mech neared his position, he grew increasingly excited. His warrior’s blood called to him to meet the swordsman mech in earnest.
 The Vhedra mech threw away its useless overheated rifle and let it drift away in space. Instead, it pulled out one single backup knife from its sheath.
 The cheap, standard-alloy knife looked pitiful compared to the majestic sword in the light mech’s hands. Ghanso’s knife incorporated just enough low-quality exotic to hold up against compressed armor, if barely.
 "I’ll have to aim for its weak points. Stabbing its chest or back is useless."
 Ghanso ignored the ridiculous thought of fending off an expert swordsman mech with an ordinary knife. Even as his death had become a near-certainty, his overwhelming hatred against the foreign expert reached a blinding height.
 As the light mech rapidly surged towards the Vhedra, Ghanso closed his eyes and opened them to reveal his burning conviction.
 "For the Republic!"
 His weak Vhedra mech surged forth. Everything about his spaceborn mech had been optimized for ranged combat. His mech’s own sluggishness provided an incredibly sharp contrast against the incoming light mech that was seconds away from slicing it in half.
 "Come on! I can take you on!"
 At the final second, just as Ghanso secretly resigned himself to death, a blazing hot jet of flames passed over his Vhedra’s head. The light mech had barreled straight towards Ghanso’s mech with its full momentum pressing forward.
 Even though it rolled aside at the very last moment, half of the mech suffered heavy burns from the extremely jet of flames.
 Ghanso’s communicator suddenly surged to life. An external override had forcibly connected it to a private channel. "You did good, kid, but that’s no reason to throw away your life. Pull back and rejoin your squad. Leave the rest to me."
 An orange striker mech flew past the paralyzed Vhedra’s position and began to chase the alarmed enemy swordsman mech.
 As a bona fide soldier of the Mech Corps, Ghanso knew each and every expert pilot by name and mech. He recognized the orange striker as the characteristic Fire Worm.
 Venerable Stanton Drake had saved his life!
 Just as Ghanso came to terms with that fact, his attention turned to the battle at hand. Two other expert mechs had joined Venerable Drake in occupying the enemy expert mechs. At this stage, any help from the Volari Starhawks did more harm than good, as they could easily hit their own experts as they engaged in close-quarters combat with the enemy elites.
 Therefore, Ghanso and the rest received orders to disengage from the sphere formation and rejoin the larger battle against the hordes of regular pirates.
 As Ghanso unwillingly turned the Vhedra away, he kept glancing over to the duel between Venerable Drake and the enemy swordsman mech.
 It was no contest, really. Striker mechs always countered melee mechs. This basic rule held true on land as much as in space. Every time the expert light mech tried to approach the Fire Worm, Venerable Drake spat out another deadly jet of highly potent flames.
 The light mech lacked the capacity to suffer many blows from the intense heat. Its inability to take the flames head on constrained the expert mech to such an extent it had turned into a whipped dog.
 Even as the light mech tried to disengage from the striker, the Fire Worm aggressively chased after the foreign mech.
 The wide area of its jets of flames gave the light mech a lot of grief. Unlike a laser beam which only required a minor bump to dodge, the wider flames forced it to go through extreme lengths to escape its area of effect.
 As Ghanso came off his high, he shook his head in disappointment. The light mech still possessed the edge in speed, so it would likely be able to shrug off the Fire Worm eventually.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Experts rarely perished in battle.
 Back aboard the Happy Jelly, Ves constantly monitored the situation in space. He even turned his attention to the expert pirate mechs when they flew into range.
 Their incredible performance and amazing construction dazzled his imagination. He continuously tried to figure out their principles but failed to make any progress beyond some rudimentary generalizations.
 "My study into metaphysics and exotic alloys are still too shallow for me to understand designs at this level."
 He still had a long way to go before he reached the threshold of understanding and designing his own expert mech.
 And this was just the start of elite mechs. Ace mech pilots and god mech pilots demanded their own specialized machines in order to make full use of their strengths.
 The ambition welling inside Ves kept burning brighter as he witnessed the extraordinary performance of each expert mech. The battle became much more exciting once the Mech Corps sent out their own experts.
 Only three arrived because they hardly required additional help. The Mech Corps sent out the Fire Worm against the pirate swordsman mech because it directly countered its type.
 In the same vein, they sent out an expert skirmisher to deal with the enemy rifleman mech and an expert rifleman to suppress the enemy space knight.
 "Even experts can’t escape the limitations of their type." Ves concluded as he witnessed the pirate mechs getting beaten back by the well-chosen expert mechs from the Republic.
 The pirates only had themselves to blame for sending out their expert pilots first. The main reason it took so long for the Mech Corps to respond was because they kept their experts back in their hangars until they saw fit to deploy them. They could have sent twice as many experts, but that would have revealed their trump cards.
 Neither Ves nor the Mech Corps forgot that the Mech Legion constantly monitored their performance.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The Brighters and the Vesians continuously fended off the pirate waves as they neared each other’s position. No matter how many mechs the pirate alliances threw at them, they never managed to break through their defensive lines.
 Though the pirates continuously bled the ranks of both military fleets, they suffered at least twice as much casualties in return. Eventually, their cowardice overshadowed their greed, and many of them cut and run without a hint of any organized retreat.
 Still, it mattered little as the Mech Corps wasn’t in a shape to pursue. The pirates pushed them close to their breaking point and required a lot of rest and replenishment before they regained their strength.
 The battle against the pirates had ended, but the struggle against the Mech Legion only started from here. With the pirate alliances in disarray, they failed to stop the two military fleets before they converged.
 Naturally, the Mech Corps kept its distance from the ships and mechs of their rivals. A tense half hour went by as the commanders of the two fleet negotiated behind the scenes. Once they came to an accord, the two fleets flew closer, but not enough to merge their assets into a single whole.
 Rather than consider their formation a combined fleet, Ves figured it was more as if they reluctantly chose to use the same bathroom at once. The Brighters and the Vesians hardly trusted each other to maintain their current state of ceasefire.
 The only question was who would pull the trigger first.
 "Sparks will fly at the end of this retreat." He surmised. Once the fleets reached the edge of the Glowing Zone, they’d be able to engage their FTL drives and transition back to friendly territory. "I bet the Vesians can’t resist at that point."
 Until then, the two fleets benefited more if they held back their animosity for each other. THe only way the massive blob of ships and mechs could deter the pirates from launching another attack was to present a united front.
 As of now, none of the pirate fleets had dared to stand in their way as the two fleets slingshotted their way out of orbit. The extra speed granted by their maneuver made it difficult for other fleets to catch up to them unless they followed a similar trajectory.
 Of course, this would betray their intentions and potentially isolate them for a devastating counter-attack.
 "So no one chased in the end." Ves remarked as he turned away from the plot. Nothing more exciting would happen for a few days.
 Fadah crossed his arms and leaned back against an empty container. "The pirates are greedy, but they aren’t stupid. As long as the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion split up, they could conceivably overwhelm any single one of their fleets. The moment that possibility went out the window, the pirates don’t have a reason to pester us anymore. They’d be able to harvest much more riches from the surface of the planet."
 "They still lost way too much mechs in this campaign. Even if they bloodied the nose of the Mech Corps, it doesn’t change the fact that they’ve lost a hundred-thousand mechs or more."
 Thinking about such an astounding loss of mechs quaked his heart. Ves could not even imagine the amount of lives and money the pirates discarded in their ultimately futile attempts at stealing someone else’s gains. It would have made some sense if they attacked an isolated mercenary corps, but where did they summon the courage to fight against the Mech Corps directly.
 "Sometimes, it’s worth it. Everyone knows the Mech Corps harvested big, to the tune of earning trillions of credits worth of exotics. Felling a single ore-laden transport ship is enough for a gang of pirates to live like kings for the rest of their lives."
 Ves truly couldn’t get a grip around such a remark. It all sounded reasonable, but the pirates had to be a special brand of stupid to think they could vanquish the Mech Corps without paying a ruinous price.
 "THat’s another thing you don’t understand, Ves. The pirates don’t mind all of the losses. As long as not too much of their own men lose their lives, they’re fine with throwing away so many mechs. The fewer their numbers, the bigger their share. Don’t you want to eat a whole pie instead of just a razor-thin slice?"
 That really made Ves speechless. Pirates never cared or trusted any of their colleagues. Their greed had grown to such an extent that they would easily kill their fellow comrades if they could get away with it, all to pursue the greatest share of booty as possible.
 "You seem to know a lot about pirates, Fadah. Have you..."
 The older man grimaced. "I’m not a pirate and I never was, if that’s what you’re wondering."
 Although Ves tried to pry the truth out of Fadah, the man remained obstinately silent. He obviously had a bad history with pirates, and it was very personal to him. Ves wondered if he lost a wife or children to a pirate attack.
 "Alright, let’s get back to work. The Vesians won’t act friendly forever."
 Fadah took the words right out of his mouth. Ves dropped the topic as the man walked away. At least he was right in one thing. The Vesians would tear down this facade in time. He’d better get the two spaceborn mechs fixed up.
 Ves spent the next two days performing maintenance on the Harrier and the other spaceborn mech. Both mechs barely suffered any damage in the previous battle, though that was mostly because played second fiddle to the Mech Corps.
 The lack of major damage allowed Ves to introduce a couple of modifications to both mechs. He mainly emphasized their ability to track incoming missiles. Considering the Vesian obsession with missiles, he found the precaution to be prudent.
 The modifications hardly required his personal intervention once he fabricated the extra parts in the Happy Jelly’s workshop. By now, he retrained the mech technicians just enough to be able to follow his instructions.
 After making up his mind about allowing the mech technicians to work without his supervision, he exited the workshop and sought out Melkor. He found him in his bunk, where he quietly inspected the records of the previous battles in space and on the ground.
 "We haven’t been in touch lately." Ves said as he sat next to his cousin on the bed. "What are you studying?"
 "I’m tracking the behavior of the different pirate alliances. Each of them favor different strategies. You already know about the Dragons of the Void for example. They treat their slaves like they are trash. They’re happy to sacrifice an entire mech company if it can earn them a net profit of only ten million credits."
 Melkor patiently pointed out the traits of the other pirate groups, from the Event Horizon Specters who favored stealth and misdirection to Ballard’s Brutes who employed the most heavy mechs of all.
 "This all sounds interesting, but what does that have to do with us?"
 "Have you counted their numbers? How many pirates have shown up until now? This is only a fraction of their true numbers. They possess enough power to threaten the Bright Republic as a whole, especially if they band together with the Vesians. Can you imagine what will happen if we are attacked by both forces at once?"
 That sent a chill through his spine. Ves could hardly imagine the amount of devastation that would ensue from such a conflict. However, he quickly dismissed the possibility once he remembered some important rules.
 "The MTA will never let the pirates get away with such a brazen invasion. They consider them an enemy of all mankind. The main reason why they’re so difficult to exterminate is because they are always dispersed. Once they concentrate their numbers, it’ll become trivial for the Mech Corps to mop them all up."
 "That’s true." Melkor reluctantly nodded. "Yet that’s only the case if the MTA has the mechs and ships to spare. What if something else draws away their attention?"
 "Even then, the pirates will pay. If not now, then years from now. Besides, as an accomplice to pirates, the Vesia Kingdom won’t escape retribution either."
 That last point poked a big hole in Melkor’s theory. The Vesians wouldn’t have the guts to collaborate with pirates. They’d make an enemy of the entire human race!
 Still, Melkor didn’t relinquish his suspicions. "Maybe I’m wrong about this specific instance, but I still think I’m on the right track. I’ve been trained to spot patterns and all my instincts are telling me that there’s a conspiracy afoot."
 That didn’t sound very encouraging to Ves. "To be frank, I’ve witnessed some signs as well. It’s difficult for me to conclude anything solid, but the pirates are definitely an important part of what is to come."
 Ves could never forget that more than a year ago, he and Dietrich stumbled across an illegal underground production facility that successfully developed gamma laser rifles.
 Even though the pirates ordinary considered themselves lawless, they almost never dared to break one of the MTA and CFA’s important taboos. Using any prohibited weapon like gamma lasers and nuclear weapons instantly brought down the full wrath of the MTA down upon their heads.
 The MTA maintained a strong presence on almost every major planet exactly for this purpose. They did not hesitate to mobilize trillions worth of assets to annihilate a trivial pirate gang once it began to dabble in forbidden weaponry.
 Still, as invincible as the MTA appeared, even they had their limits. The MTA allocated most of their strength in the galactic center. They maintained a fairly robust presence in the galactic heartland, but the galactic rim had always been something of an afterthought for the highly centralized organization.
 If Melkor suggested that the MTA’s presence in the Komodo Star Sector could be neglected, then Ves couldn’t dismiss it out of hand. However, who would actually dare to fight against the MTA directly?
 The pirates left behind in orbit of the Glowing Planet turned their attention to themselves and started to fight over the spoils left behind.
 This truly showcased the lack of integrity among their ilk. The moment they lacked a common enemy, the gangs that made up their alliances broke apart like like a meteor falling through atmosphere.
 The smarter pirate fleets had already pulled back from the Glowing Planet. Ves found to his regret that the Dragons of the Void had begun to pull back even before the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion linked up.
 In any case, Ves enjoyed a rare moment of peace as the Happy Jelly made her way to the edge of the Glowing Zone.
 Along the way, they stumbled along a couple of smaller pirate vessels that had sought to park themselves out of the way from the most contested regions. These outfits and lone wolves instantly moved out of the way of the allied fleets and never turned back.
 If even the massive pirate alliances hadn’t managed to beat them above the Glowing Planet, then nothing else stood a chance.
 "Looks like we can definitely rule out any more shenanigans from the pirates." Ves observed as he took a look at the plot. "It’s a shame they’re too scared to pressure us further. They’re the only reason the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion haven’t started shooting each other yet. I think it’s time we take some precautions."
 "Precautions? What for?" A mech technician scratched his skinny head. "They’re maintaining a steady fifty kilometer distance from our fleet."
 "Fifty kilometers is nothing in space. That’s enough distance to allow any laser to hit our ships with perfect accuracy. Even if the Happy Jelly is juking back and forth to hinder any predictions, it’s not going to help us a lot at this distance. We’re too close."
 His pronouncement depressed the joy that ran throughout the Whalers for making it out of the Glowing Planet alive. A significant amount of mech pilots had met their end on that rock.
 No one was in the mood to fight another battle. Ves noticed that everyone instinctively avoided thinking about the possibility of clashing with the Mech Legion, so he took it upon himself to kick the Whalers out of their potentially fatal complacence.
 "Look, we plan for the worst and hope for the best. There’s a chance the Mech Legion is just as fed up with fighting as we are, but we can’t make that assumption. The Mech Legion hates our guts and wants nothing more than to destroy the Republic and take away our stars."
 Ves eventually got through the mech technicians that they had plenty of work to do. He presented them with a projection of the Happy Jelly’s schematics.
 "I’ve prepared some plans to repair and strengthen the Happy Jelly’s structure with the supplies and scrap we have on hand. We don’t have the time to apply all of these fixes, but every little bit helps us make it through the final fight."
 An older female ship crew frowned as she studied the schematics. "Some of this looks really complicated. Did you come up with these plans yourself?"
 "I’ve spent some time aboard large machines. While I don’t specialize in starships, there are plenty of things in common to all machines. I’m mainly focused on strengthening the Happy Jelly’s structural integrity, so there is little need to disrupt the delicate internal workings of the carrier."
 To be honest, Ves did not have any confidence he could improve any of the Jelly’s badly maintained functions. The FTL drive especially looked iffy. He was afraid that if he bumped into it once, it would malfunction entire and leave them stranded in local space.
 After some convincing, the mech technicians and ship technicians went to work. Ves did all he could now to prepare the Happy Jelly for the coming the fight. He had his own preparations to make.
 He returned to his bunk and looked at the flashing orb placed on his bed. "I miss you, Lucky."
 His cat finally couldn’t hold his evolution back. The moment it became clear that they made it off the Glowing Planet, Lucky curled in on himself and extruded an unknown white material around himself to begin his level up process.
 Basically, he turned back into an egg.
 Ves didn’t dare to stroke the egg with his bare hands. He first let his antigrav clothes cover his hand with a glove before he dared to caress its bone-like surface.
 "This feels a lot like Rorach’s Bone."
 The resemblance to bone made the egg feel truly real. Only the lines of glowing blue crisscrossing the surface of the egg made it clear that the egg possessed a mechanical aspect.
 "I know you can’t help it, but I really wish you’d waited with this level up."
 Once the Happy Jelly began to move away from the Glowing Planet, they traveled out of range of its insidious energy fields, including the one responsible for the Overcharge phenomenon. Every overcharged energy cell slowly lost their excess charge and turned back to normal, though in the perspective of the energy cells, nothing had changed at all.
 Lucky must have noticed that he began to lose his temporary condition, so he immediately decided to evolve as soon as the immediate danger subsided.
 Unfortunately, this left Ves without his closest companion and bodyguard. He had always relied on Lucky to keep him safe against any threats on foot.
 "For now, I’ll only be able to rely on Melkor and my shiny new toy."
 Ves activated his Privacy Shield and retrieved the Amastendira from his Inventory and put it in one of his pockets. He did not wish to reveal the System’s ability to materialize and dematerialize objects in a possible fight.
 A couple of days went by as thousands of ships boosted their way out of the Glowing Zone. The further they traveled from the Glowing Planet, the weaker its influence on local space.
 The amount of naturally occuring spacetime anomalies had decreased to such an extent that they ceased to be a threat.
 This was not good news.
 Previously, the Mech Legion might have scruples about launching an assault. If they sent out their mechs towards the Mech Corps, they’d have to cross a brief No Man’s Land where they wouldn’t be covered by the dimensional smoothers.
 After that, they’d have to rely on their enemy’s dimensional smoother to keep them safe from the ravages of spacetime. The Mech Corps could easily decide to shut one off to spite the attackers.
 Now that they flew several light-hours away from the dangerous planet, they had nothing to be afraid of anymore. An attack could come at any moment from either the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion.
 Even if the Mech Corps enjoyed some bolstering by the Blood Claws and the other major outfits, they did not possess too much strength in space. Gangs mostly focused on controlling valuable territory. Therefore, they invested mostly in their landbound capabilities.
 The mercenary corps who signed up with the Mech Corps fared better in this regard. Mercenaries always found stable gigs working as escorts in trade convoys.
 Still, their relatively smaller scale meant that they’d be looking out for themselves. Nobody had the energy or motivation to spare some consideration for the Happy Jelly.
 "We’ve got to save ourselves."
 To his disappointment, the Whalers failed to keep up their vigilance after a day. The campaign on the ground had truly exhausted them to the bone.
 Sometimes, Ves considered whether he went overboard. The odds of an attack would not be very great if the Mech Legion possessed little advantage.
 "The Vesians are aggressive, but they aren’t stupid. They won’t start a fight they can’t win."
 Both fleets possessed roughly equal strength. The Mech Corps had more dependents to soak up the damage while the Mech Legion formed a more cohesive whole. His discussions with Melkor helped him figure out the most likely course of action by the Vesians.
 "The carriers of the Mech Corps are tough and still in good shape for the most part. The Mech Legion won’t easily be able to crack their shells. It’s us who should be worrying about a surprise attack." Melkor tapped his foot against the deck of the ship. "Converted carriers like the Happy Jelly are tin cans waiting to be peeled. Once the gangs and mercenary vessels start to fall, a panic will ensue."
 Ves easily imagined such a possibility. "If you can think about it, the Mech Corps has it figured out as well."
 "Even if that’s the case, they won’t go out of their way to save us if we’re in trouble. Knowing about a vulnerability and doing something about it are two completely different things. Trust me, I know how the Mech Corps works. They take a dim view on gangs and mercenary corps. Any suggestion that they should reinforce their hired help will be shut down by their leadership."
 He could not dismiss Melkor’s judgement of the Mech Corps. The man had trained in their ranks for several years. He should know what he was talking about.
 From his own interaction with the Mech Corps, Ves considered them to be an organization that was swamped with responsibility. They had way too many fires to put out and too few firefighters to address every crisis.
 The unease among the crew grew as they neared the edge of the Zone. Home and safety came within reach. They’d just have to make the final stretch before they could return to their homes with a full haul of highly valuable ores.
 As Ves put down a wrench on the toolbox hovering next to him, he rose up to his feet after putting the deck back together. He had just added a couple of redundant safeties to the channels running below this corridor.
 He activated his comm and pulled up the schematic of the ship to see what else needed to be done. As he scanned the up-to-date readout, his eyes flicked over to the lower decks.
 He remembered assigning someone to reinforce the compartment next to the cargo bay. By now, the job should have been done. Was the guy sleeping on the job again?
 Ves tried to contact the tech. "Yavic, come on. Wake up!"
 Strangely enough, his signal went nowhere. Yavic’s comm might have glitched. Ves tried to contact another crew member who worked at the lower decks.
 "Simmons, are you there? Pick up the call, please."
 Again, nothing happened. His comm messages successfully routed to the lower decks, upon which they disappeared into a black hole. He tried contacting other people assigned to the lower decks but came up with a disconcerting lack of responses.
 A bad feeling crept up behind his back. He slammed his comm and activated an emergency transmission that he’d programmed beforehand. "Alert, I can’t reach the lower decks! I highly suspect that this is no regular malfunction but deliberate sabotage! Enemies have sneaked aboard the Happy Jelly! I suggest you sound the alarm at once!"
 He sent out the message to Walter, Fadah, Melkor and a couple of other people. They’d be able to check up on his claims and bring the ship to readiness.
 As for Ves, he left behind his floating toolbox and sprinted back to his bunk. After glancing at Lucky’s egg, he approached the hazard suit he placed in the corner and entered it from behind.
 "A hazard suit is not as protective as an exoskeleton suit, but it’s better than nothing."
 He mainly wore the suit in case he got ejected into space. With the miniature thrusters and the magnetic harpoons built into the suit, he’d still be able to fly back to the Happy Jelly if he’d been launched off the ship for some reason.
 He unfolded the Amastendira and wielded it with his gauntleted grip. He felt dangerous wielding such a prized mastercrafted weapon. The sheer amount of luxury and class exuded by the ornate laser pistol contrasted sharply with his utilitarian-looking hazard suit.
 The last thing he did before he left his bunk was to put Lucky’s egg inside a padded crash safe. After that, he stepped out and intended to link up with Melkor and the rest.
 "I’d be a fool to walk down to the lower decks."
 He wondered why the alarm hadn’t been sounded as of yet. By now, the crew of the Happy Jelly should have figured out if they’d been boarded.
 Suddenly, the entire ship shut off. Every light and every system ceased to function. Moments later, a handful of backup systems went online. The ominous red lights cast the corridors in a dangerous light.
 Much of the existing life support systems remained offline. If the ship couldn’t get its ventilation and oxygen generators back online, those without a suit would suffocate within a day.
 "Damnit! They got to engineering!"Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The only way a group of hostile boarders could disable every system at once was if they had taken control of the bridge or engineering. Ves guessed they’d taken the latter.
 Communications fell out as well. Ves tried to contact anyone on the short-range bands, but all he met was static. "They’re jamming us as well!"
 Ves had been reduced to mustering up the panicking crew members that had been running around like headless chickens.
 "Get your heads back together! This is no time to give in to your hysteria!" He shouted at the clueless the men and women in the nearby compartments. His hazard suit amplified his voice for further reach. "Get into your hazard suits and grab a weapon! Take up your battle stations and wait for someone to take charge!"
 That set the nearby Whalers back on track. One of the deficiencies of the Whalers was that the rank-and-file rarely had a clue what to do in the absence of solid leadership. Most of the senior Whalers such as Walter and Fadah hung around in the mech stables or the upper decks. That left much of the middle and lower decks with a critical absence of direction.
 Frankly, even a six-year old kid could take charge if he pretended to be authoritative enough.
 Ves did not attempt to browbeat them into following him. He was not a proper leader and he did not wish to be responsible if his decisions led to their deaths.
 He jogged towards the stairs and went down to the workshop first. He repeated the same actions as he had done last time whenever he met a confused assembly of crewmen. It hadn’t truly sunk in yet that they’d been boarded and sabotaged.
 Once they realized the Happy Jelly had partially succumbed Mech Legion, Ves had to be firm in his tone in order to avoid infecting the crew with his concerns.
 Even though he warned them time and time again to prepare for an attack, the Whalers aboard the Happy Jelly never expected the Vesians to go for a boarding action. That threw them completely off-guard. How could they have sneaked aboard their ship without getting spotted on approach?
 Whatever the case, the enemy had already managed to get onboard. His main priority should be to contain the Vesians and prevent them from dealing any catastrophic damage to engineering.
 Once he reached the workshop compartment, he finally met with Melkor. He wore a light combat suit this time and wielded a borrowed rifle. He looked much more prepared to square off against the enemies than the Whalers themselves.
 "Melkor! You’re here! Good."
 "Ves, it’s dangerous for you to be running around without Lucky! Get inside the workshop and hide in a locker or something!"
 "Not this time. I can fight, and you need me to figure out if anything is wrong at engineering."
 The two had a brief argument about it but Ves convinced Melkor to let him go along. "If I die, then it’s my own fault, but I won’t accept sitting on the sidelines while the fate of the Happy Jelly is at stake!"
 "We can still eject, you know." Melkor pointed out. "The escape pods run completely separate from the ship."
 "I don’t think you’re okay with back down without a fight. So am I. We lose this ship, we lose more than a couple of mechs and some ores. This is the heart of Walter’s Whalers. Besides, there’s no guarantee that the ships flying next to us aren’t compromised as well."
 Ves lost the ability to check up on the situation out in space when most of the systems shut down. The Mech Corps and the Mech Legion could be embroiled in an epic clash and he had no way of telling it went on. Without a better picture of what was happening throughout the entire fleet, Ves refused to give up on the Happy Jelly.
 The lack of communications made coordination extraordinarily difficult. Eventually, Fadah came around and gathered a couple of mech pilots and brave men into an impromptu squad.
 "This will do. We are running out of time. Let’s move out immediately." Fadah said as he walked up with his own light combat suit.
 While these lightly armored suits failed to measure up against proper exoskeleton suits, they offered much better protection than hazard suits.
 Ves saw that everyone else wore hazard suits, which disappointed him somewhat. They’d be torn down by enemy fire.
 At least Ves still had his old shield generator to back him up. It still held an eighty percent charge, which was more than enough to fend off two or three attacks by a mech.
 As Ves followed the squad while holding on to his Amastendira, Melkor slowed down his pace and came to his side. "Where did you get this gun?"
 "Uh, it’s a gift."
 "It looks powerful and expensive, like an import from the New Rubarth Empire. Do you even know how to use this gun?"
 "I passed my basic training course when I studied at Rittersberg!"
 Melkor shook his head inside his helmet and held out his gauntlet. "That thing will kill you if you handle it poorly. Give it to me. I can make much better use of this weapon."
 To be honest, Ves really did not wish to relinquish the Amastendira. He had just received it a couple of days ago and looked forward to putting its impressive capabilities to the test.
 He wanted to shoot the Vesians himself and save the Happy Jelly like a hero from the dramas. This was his gun. Why should he give it away?
 Eventually, his logic and reason overruled his ego and desires. As much as he wanted to play the hero, he had no illusions that he could wield the pistol effectively. It might have been different if Pierre Femento incorporated aim assist into the Amastendira, but the man only had master marksmen in mind when he designed the gun.
 A weapon only reached its potential when used by someone with the skill to back it up. Ves knew that more than most due to his profession as a mech designer.
 Thus, with extreme reluctance, Ves handed over the Amastendira to Melkor. His cousin holstered the laser rifle to the back of his light combat suit, which magnetically held it in place.
 "It’s locked."
 "Oh, let me program you in." Ves replied and took back the Amastendira long enough to add Melkor’s biometrics to its security systems.
 Not anyone would be able to take off with his valuable possession. The Amastendira had a nasty surprise in store if an enemy attempted to pick it up. Supposedly, the weapon was smart enough to distinguish between allies and enemies, though Ves had no clue how the automated systems inside the weapon accomplished such a feat.
 Once Ves added Melkor as an authorized user of the gun, he carefully handed it over.
 Melkor treated the weapon like a lover and a piece of art. The way he deftly navigated the weapon’s projected display and rapidly skirted over its specs made it clear that he was no slouch with infantry weapons.
 "This weapon is crazy. This is the kind of toy a noble of the New Rubarth Empire would wield!"
 "I know. It’s actually a replica of some sorts. Compared to the original, this copy still falls a little short."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "A little short? Hah! I can carve my way through an entire pirate ship with this gun!"
 Ves frowned as Melkor visibly grew more excited about the Amastendira. It was as if Melkor seduced his wife!
 "Hey, try not to fondle it too much! This is still my gun. I’ll lend it to you whenever we’re together, but make sure to give it back to me when we’re out of danger."
 "Oh, uhm, sure."
 After walking down a lot of flights of stairs, the group of motley Whalers arrived at the deck that led to engineering. Fadah, who took the lead, slowed down.
 "We’re lucky we haven’t met the Vesians yet, but it’s highly likely the Vesians are on this deck. Let’s crawl forward and take it slow."
 Ves immediately interjected. "We can’t afford to take it slow. The Vesians have control over engineering and who knows what they’re up to. Once they decide to destroy the FTL drive, we have no way of returning home unless we abandon ship. We have to move faster!"
 "Look I respect you, but you’re a nerd. I’m the one in charge around here." Fadah pushed back. "I’m not about to waste the lives of my men by moving too fast. We need to scout them out first and figure out if they’ve split up."
 All of it sounded too conservative. Ves did not know where Fadah’s characteristic daring had gone to. The man acted like a daredevil in the cockpit. Without the comfort of his mech, the older Whaler turned into a timid mouse.
 "Fine. I’ll do it myself." Ves turned to Melkor and opened a private communication channel with his suit. "Remember the time when we got ambushed in the streets of Bentheim?"
 "Yes. You pulled off something remarkable with your comm. Can you do it again?"
 "I can stealth us, yes. It will last shorter than last time, though. Do you think you can make use of five minutes worth of complete stealth?"
 His cousin considered the matter for a few seconds. "It will be tough. We can make it to engineering from here in that time, but we won’t have enough time to scope out the enemy. We’ll have to go into action immediately."
 "Time is of the essence. I’m really worried at what the Vesians are cooking up in engineering. The Happy Jelly’s FTL drive can’t take any abuse."
 They decided to move out immediately. Ves spent a couple of seconds to inform Fadah of their intentions before he engaged his stealth augment. Ves and Melkor’s armored suits turned invisible before Fadah could let out a word of protest.
 "Damn these Larkinsons and their toys!"
 Despite their hasty movements, the stealth augment muffled all of their sounds and vibrations. If any pirates had been in the way, they would have been completely oblivious about the presence that ran past their bodies.
 They reached the hatch that led to engineering with roughly a minute to spare. The only problem was that the boarders had locked it shut.
 "Damnit!" Ves cursed. "I should have figured the Vesians barricaded this compartment! This is one of the best-protected portion of the ship. There’s no way I can circumvent this barrier in a couple of minutes. A plasma cutter will take at least half a day to get through the hatch."
 Melkor suddenly pulled Ves away from the hatch. "Stand back. Let me take care of hatch."
 "What are you doing?! Don’t shoot it at high power inside a ship!"
 Sadly, his cousin didn’t listen to him. Melkor dialed the power setting a couple of notches away from maximum power and fired a bright golden beam that burned a hole straight through the hatch and continued on to damage anything placed behind.
 The pistol continued to emit a beam, and Melkor quickly aimed the weapon in the rough shape of a box before the weapon ran out of steam.
 "Huh. I underestimated its power. This is a really fine weapon." Melkor praised the Amastendira before he kicked down the cutout he made from the hatch.
 As the alloy block fell down, a number of menacing black exoskeleton suits trained their weapon on the entrance.
 "There’s only forty seconds left on my stealth augment! It’s running out of power!"
 "There’s nothing to it, then. Follow me when I move in."
 Even though Melkor just fired a massively overpowered pistol, the stealth field still worked as usual. One of the best aspects about the Amastendira was that it shunted almost all of its excess heat into its dimensional heat sink. It only worked up to a certain point, but it was more than capable of absorbing the heat of a single high-powered beam.
 "Alright, let’s go!"
 Ves and Melkor sneaked through the hole as the exoskeleton-suited assailants puzzled over whether someone would still show up. Neither their visuals nor their other sensors revealed the source of the intimidating laser cannon that had cut through the hatch.
 They had no idea what kind of danger slipped inside engineering.
 When Melkor and Ves barged into engineering, they turned slightly and approached a ramp which gave a commanding view of the entire compartment. While Melkor took up a prime position to shoot down all of the huddled exoskeleton-suited intruders, Ves looked around the chamber for any signs of sabotage.
 He spotted two alarming observations.
 First, they placed something that looked a lot like explosives on the FTL drive. Ves found it funny that the boarding party went through the trouble of affixing its exterior with explosives when they could easily wreck it with a hefty kick from their exoskeletons.
 Second, a Vesian tech specialist seemed to be digging deep into the central control console. The corpse of the previous head engineer bleeding out next to the console must have granted them access to the controls. Or, they might have hacked its outdated security settings.
 Whatever the case, Ves had to deal with both these dangers quickly. The reason why he accompanied Melkor into engineering was because he was deeply afraid of just these kinds of tricks.
 The moment the hostiles realized they couldn’t hold their position, they wouldn’t hesitate to destroy the power reactor or the FTL drive, or induce them in a manner that would blow up the entire Happy Jelly.
 Ves bumped Melkor’s combat suit and gestured towards the FTL drive. He held up his old laser pistol to show his cousin that he could handle himself. Even if Melkor held some misgivings about his presence here, the stealth augment had almost run its course.
 No time for second guesses.
 "Go!"
 Once the stealth augment ran out of power, Ves sprinted for the FTL drive while Melkor pulled the trigger of the Amastendira.
 Another massive, long-duration laser beam extended out of the barrel of the mastercrafted weapon. Melkor ran the entire beam along the engineering bay like a scythe cutting through wheat. More than half-dozen armored boarders lost their lives when the super-powered laser beam cut right through their military grade exoskeleton armor.
 Entire bodies split in half along with their armor and any gear they carried. Instantly, Melkor neutralized over two-thirds of the threat in the compartment!
 To their credit, the survivors responded swiftly to Melkor’s sudden appearance. They snapped their rifles and wrist-mounted lasers at his position and barraged his position until the ramp became filled with holes.
 "Agh!"
 While Melkor had already begun to run, he still got hit by their uncannily accurate return fire. His light combat suit suffered a nasty series of burns and crater marks, wearing away the thin layers of armor until he dove into cover behind a thick enclosure.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 One of the Vesians lifted up a launcher and fired a series of grenades at Melkor’s position, causing him to jump away in haste. All the while, he fired shorter bursts of high-powered beams straight through the cover of his opponents.
 At this power setting, nothing could stand in the way of the Amastendira. Though its power reserves rapidly drained and its heat capacity started to get overwhelmed, Melkor icily took out one exoskeleton soldier after another.
 If he had to resort to his standard laser rifle, he might have needed to strike the same location five times in a row to get through the thick infantry-scaled armor.
 Though the Vesians put up a good fight, their numbers rapidly dwindled to the extent where they sought to activate their failsafes. The commanding officer of the boarding party sent out a signal and expected and explosion, only to be met with nothing of the sorts.
 "I disarmed the explosives!" Ves yelled to Melkor as he detached the last explosive charge from the exterior of the FTL drive and threw it in a random corner.
 Though the charges still posed a threat, he successfully disabled their receivers. Right now he ran towards the console and shot at the tech specialist who had been forced to disengage from the controls.
 "Damnit, this gun is really no comparison to the Amastendira." Ves cursed as he engaged in a stale and anemic standoff against the specialist.
 The Vesian tech specialist obviously received more training than Ves, and he slowly got the upper hand. He already struck Ves’ hazard suit a number of times, which melted away a significant slice of civilian-grade armor.
 Compared to how Melkor systematically dismantled the Vesian soldiers, the fight between Ves and the tech specialist resembled a kiddie fight.
 Ves became increasingly suppressed to the point where he didn’t dare to emerge from cover. "Melkor! Help me out here!"
 Seconds later, a bright beam of gold punched through the tech specialist’s cover and vaporized his entire torso. His combat suit posed no impediment at all against the fury of a mastercrafted weapon.
 The casual shot had taken almost no effort at all, though Melkor got into a sticky situation when the survivors tried to retreat from the engineering bay. As he chased after the stragglers, Ves approached the command console and tried to restore power to the Happy Jelly.
 "Come on, don’t tell me you’ve given up the ghost!"
 Though Ves only understood half of what the command console spat out, he still figured out that engineering had become a mess. The tech specialist had been rooting through the core settings doing who knew what.
 In addition, the earlier battle also ruined many secondary systems in the engineering bay. It was a miracle that Melkor’s liberal use of the Amastendira hadn’t struck anything vital like the engine, fuel supply or FTL drive.
 Still, his work aboard large vessels like the Happy Jelly and the Gregarious Wrath had given him plenty of pointers on how these vehicles worked. After a couple of minutes of kludging, he managed to spool up the power reactors and reconnect them to the rest of the carrier.
 As Ves worked the controls, the motley crew led by Fadah finally showed up. The Whalers stopped in their track as soon as they saw the carnage. Wide stretches of scorch marks and molten alloys crisscrossed the entire chamber.
 What upset them the most was spotting the fallen corpses of the intimidating exoskeleton soldiers. Ordinarily, an entire squad of heavily armed Vesians would have chewed up the Whalers pretty good.
 The fact that Ves and Melkor took them out alone while getting only scratches in return spoke wonders.
 "Fadah, stay here and reinforce the engineering bay. I don’t know if this is the only batch of Vesians aboard the Jelly. Remain alert."
 "On it." Fadah nodded. He didn’t quibble with Ves because he knew that their survival relied on holding engineering.
 The lights switched from red to neutral aboard the entire ship. The Happy Jelly woke from her forceful slumber.
 Not only did Ves restore the lights and life support systems, he also restored communications. He instantly contacted the bridge.
 "Walter here! What’s going down at engineering?!"
 "Everyone’s dead here. The Vesians kill everyone off and tried to sabotage the entire place, but Melkor and I have taken care them. I don’t know how many Vesians remain, but engineering is safe for the time being."
 "Good work, Larkinson. We’re getting our bearings back on the bridge, but as far as we’re aware of there are still a couple of uninvited guests aboard the ship. We’re already sending out some men to sweep them up."
 "What’s the situation outside?" Ves suddenly asked.
 "Not good. The Mech Legion has shed all pretences. Many ships are drifting away without power, while their missile mechs are pounding upon the fleet carriers of the Mech Corps."
 Ves summoned up a plot of the local space and saw that the formerly neat arrangement of fleets had descended into a very divergent picture.
 The Mech Legion largely maintained cohesion, but much of the allied ships of the Mech Corps suffered from sabotage. A handful of ships regained control, but dozens more blew up as their power reactors overloaded.
 While the Vesians had caught the Mech Corps flat-footed, the Brighters launched their own surprise.
 A handful of ships at the vanguard of the Mech Legion fleet ran into deadly stealth mines. Though the Mech Legion fleet swiftly changed course, the mines followed with them and turned into impromptu missiles that felled a number of smaller combat carriers.
 The mines briefly disrupted the Mech Legion’s tempo, allowing the Brighters to catch their breath. The battle transitioned from an ambush into a messy slugging match.
 The Vesian Grand Chasers led the charge and clashed against the Brighter Volari Starhawks in the middle of the No Man’s Land. Other mech regiments stuck to their fleets and engaged in a heated exchange of long-ranged fire.
 From his limited tactical knowledge of battles in space, Ves tentatively concluded that neither side had gained a decisive lead.
 Though the Mech Legion maintained a substantial advantage, their starting gambit focused mostly on the rabble that surrounded the ships of the Mech Corps. It mattered little if some tiny outfit like Walter’s Whalers lost control of their ships, as the core strength of the Bright Republic’s fleet still remained intact.
 "The battle has turned into a slugging match! This is madness!"
 If Ves was in charge, he would have pulled away. Neither side benefited from the losses they suffered. Ships lost propulsion and mechs continued to be obliterated in the cruel millstone of generational hatred.
 Neither side had issued a formal declaration of war, but already they were going at it as if their entire state was at stake.
 Walter growled on the other side of the communication channel. "Madness or not, we’re in the thick of it now. The first thing we need to do is get back in formation. We’ve drifted off-course and we need to turn back around. Can you take charge in engineering?"
 "I’ll do the best I can, but I have no clue what I’m doing."
 "Hang on for now while I round up all of the engineers who are still alive. Make sure that nothing breaks in the meanwhile!"
 That was easier said than done. The Amastendira had inflicted a lot of collateral damage. Ves called over a floating toolbox and began to clean up some of the damaged systems and prevent them from degrading even further.
 In the meantime, a couple of engineers stationed elsewhere on the Happy Jelly entered the engineering bay and took stock of all of the damage.
 Ves looked up from his repair job. "How’s the damage? Can the Happy Jelly still fly?"
 The ship engineers reluctantly nodded. "If we divert some power from other systems, she can still keep up with the fleet. I’m not so sure about jumping into FTL. The system that’s responsible for calculating our navigational plots is cut in half."
 That didn’t prevent them from transitioning into FTL, but if they made any mistake in calculation, they risked getting lost in the sea of higher dimensions. They could end up thousands of light-years away from their original destination, or get sucked into a random stellar body like a star or a black hole.
 "Let’s worry about that later. For now, we have a ship to repair and a battle to survive!"
 Everyone proceeded to put out the fires and assess the exact damage. From what Ves had seen so far, the Happy Jelly still had a lot of fight left in her. Most of her basic functions such as her in-system thrusters and her FTL drive sustained no damage, so there was no need to evacuate as of yet.
 Once Melkor returned, Ves put down his tool and approached his cousin. "How’s the rest of the ship? Did you catch the stragglers?"
 "We cornered them in the cargo bay. Because of all the reactive exotics stored in that compartment, I couldn’t shoot off my laser pistol willy nilly. It took a decent amount of effort to flank them and assault them from multiple directions."
 Melkor had no need to tell Ves how that final stand ended. With the Amastendira, the Vesians stood no chance even if they took a couple of containers of exotics hostage.
 "I think we don’t have to worry about hostile boarders at this point. Both fleets are hammering each other apart with mechs right now. I’d feel safer if you hopped inside the Stanislaw and station yourself at the hangar bay’s hatch."
 The idea sounded a bit weak, but they couldn’t employ the Stanislaw in any other way since it lacked a flight system. Melkor nodded inside his helmet and turned around. "I’ll get on it."
 "Wait a moment. Give me back my Amastendira!"
 With only a little less than half a day away until they could transition into FTL, the two military fleets had already fallen out.
 The amount of damage inflicted on both sides surpassed a value of billions of credits. Mechs continued to be destroyed at an unsustainable rate.
 Sometimes, a combat carrier or two sustained major damage that caused them to drift out of formation. These losses were much more severe because the carriers had been constructed with premium materials that made them many times more expensive than a regular mech.
 The loss of so much strategic assets on both sides grew more frigid once the expert mechs started showing up. The handful of expert pilots like Venerable Stanton Drake fought above the the general battle as their mechs possessed the capacity to inflict ruinous damage against a group of standard mechs.
 The Fire Worm especially received a lot of attention from the Vesians. They couldn’t afford to let the Fire Worm devastate a huge swathe of the Mech Legion’s ships with its wide-area flamethrowers.
 Despite the intense clashes, neither side expected the battle to end quickly. Most fights between expert mechs lasted at least an hour or more if they held back their trump cards. For now, the experts mainly tried to constrain their counterparts from the other side.
 This put the onus of the battle on the masses of regular mech pilots.
 Melkor who stationed his Stanislaw next to the opened hangar hatch of the Happy Jelly mainly stood by and shot down any stray missile that flickered in his view. As a small and rusty converted carrier, the Happy Jelly hardly attracted any attention from the Mech Legion.
 The two average mechs that guarded the carrier also impressed no one. Dietrich piloted his old Harrier and kept his mech’s rifle in a tight grip as he looked at the explosions happening in the distance.
 "This is crazy!"
 Walter’s Whalers experienced a handful of large battles before on the Glowing Planet. The pirates never really put up a decent fight due to their lack of discipline, training and quality.
 This was different.
 The Mech Legion consisted of several ducal regiments of similar quality to their counterparts of the Republic. Highly ambitious commoners made up the rank-and-file while officers trained from birth to command and lead these mechs were hungry to earn merits.
 As long as commoners destroyed ten mechs without losing their own, they’d be elevated to knights, which was the first and lowest rank of nobility within the Vesia Kingdom. Once a commoner became a knight, many privileges and opportunities fell into their laps.
 Thus, the mech pilots of the Mech Legion fought with much greater passion than the Mech Corps. The Bright Republic’s mech pilots mainly served out of duty, and while they enjoyed a fair amount of rewards for each mech they took out, they paled in comparison.
 "Larkinson! Focus on the squad of cannoneers. They’re trying to take out our carriers!"
 Ghanso Larkinson listened to the instructions of his captain and shifted the Vhedra’s rifle until it lined up with the cannoneers. Even from this distance, he managed to cripple two mechs at once before they pulled back.
 "Man, your aim is getting better and better!" One of his colleagues praised. The shots of the rifleman mechs barely scarred the armor plating of the cannoneer mechs.
 Another volley of lasers spat out of the Vhedra’s laser rifle. This time, Ghanso managed to nail a swordsman mech in the back just as it was about to assail a defenseless mech from the Volari Starhawks.
 To be honest, Ghanso could barely explain why he improved all of a sudden. Many of his peers gained an edge after cutting their teeth against the pirates, but Ghanso had changed more drastically than most.
 Everytime a mech pilot asked him how he did it, he responded with the same answer. "Shooting down a regular mech is easier than trying to scratch an expert mech."
 Compared to that expert light mech that got chased away by the Fire Worm, every other mech moved so slow to his senses. It was as if every mech had collectively decided to cut their speed in half. In those circumstances, Ghanso had been able to nail down every moving target no matter what kind of tricks they pulled off.
 Unknown to him, a handful of observant officers of the Volari Starhawks marked him out as a possible expert pilot candidate.
 Still, no matter how many mechs he mowed down, Ghanso was only one pilot among tens of thousands. His contribution hardly shifted the tenuous balance between the sides.
 The battle between the Grand Chasers and the Volari Starhawks grew increasingly more heated. As the only two mech regiments to clash against each other in close range, the amount of casualties quickly piled up on both sides. All it took was one mistake to take out a mech.
 The differences between the two regiments quickly became apparent. The Grand Chasers had left their bulky heavy mechs behind to guard their motherships in the main fleet of the Mech Legion.
 Freed from the burden of their sluggish ships and heavy mechs, the mechs of the Grand Chasers tried to fly in circles around their adversaries. Their squads primarily consisted of light mechs. Each of them might not pack a lot of punch, but as long as enough mechs focused their fire upon the same target, they could systematically dismantle their opponents in quick succession.
 Still, the Volari Starhawks refused to be their punching backs. Medium mechs made up most of their numbers, so they used that to their advantage to bull through the harassing fire and disrupt the rhythm of the circling mechs.
 Meanwhile, the Happy Jelly sneakily slipped back into formation. The Mech Corps had assigned them in the periphery of the main fleet along with the rest of the ships from the Whalers and the Blood Claws.
 Some of those ships suffered various mishaps due to sabotage. The Whalers lost one ship entirely while the Blood Claws lost six.
 This frustrated the two gangs to no end. Many of those ships had been laden with exotics that could have been sold for a decent fortune. Their profitability took a sharp dive after sustaining such a loss.
 "How is it possible for us to loose so many ships?" Ves asked in the open. "Only fifteen or so exoskeleton soldiers boarded our carrier. I doubt the other ships faced more than that. How could the Vesians get the drop on us with such a minimal investment?"
 No one in the engineering bay dared to answer his question. In truth, everyone knew that they’d been complacent at the possibility of a stealth insertion. They paid dearly for their lax approach against stealth insertions.
 The battle had raged over an hour now. Thousands of mechs had met their end along the trail the fleets left behind. A couple of stray and derelict ships spun off into nowhere, though in many cases their crew and cargo had been transferred onto other ships if they survived.
 As a mech designer who’d been raised away from the Larkinsons who’d been indoctrinated into serving the Republic, Ves increasingly grew disgusted about the battle.
 Neither sides fought for any strategic reason other than to try and take their adversaries down a notch.
 It was as if the Mech Legion and the Mech Corps consisted of two school children with an unreconciled grudge against each other. No matter how many times you tried to lecture them, they still came to blows if they were put in the same room.
 "So many people are killed and so many mechs are destroyed at this moment." He lamented to himself as he kept an eye on the information being fed to the command console.
 The engineers had made some critical repairs that brought back the functionality of some of the more salvageable damaged components. The Happy Jelly now regained ample power to keep her thrusters active at full capacity while keeping enough juice to run her other systems like life support.
 Ves didn’t even need to lend a hand with the repairs anymore, so he stuck to the command console and paid attention to the battle outside while he inspected the various incomprehensible databases for any signs of sabotage.
 "I don’t know what the tech specialist did, but I can’t track down anything that looks amiss."
 His Computer Science Skill mainly focused on mastering the programming of a mech. The programming that ran a large vessel like the Happy Jelly might use the same type of languages, but its structure was at least ten times more complex. Every element of the Happy Jelly’s programming had been applied in a different direction from what Ves was accustomed to with mechs.
 In short, Ves had no clue what he was doing. Neither did anyone else, for that matter.
 When Ves asked someone to take over his post, the engineers replied that only the head engineer figured the system out. Everyone else treated the programming like an alien artifact.
 He shook his head. "Idiots."
 To be fair, the Happy Jelly did lost most of their most competent engineers. The remaining survivors lacked the experience and knowledge to work in engineering.
 Instead, they’d been tasked with watching over the less important systems like the oxygen replenisher and water recycler. These kinds of figures yearned for simple jobs where all they had to do was to sleep on the job or play some games on their comm.
 The only times they got off their lazy butts was if something had actually broken down.
 Thus, Ves had no choice but to remain at the engineering bay for a time. While the surviving engineers required no further motivation as their lives were already at stake, he occasionally had to warn them if they tried anything dangerous or wrong.
 The relative lack of excitement continued for another hour. The battle outside died down as the Volari Starhawks and the Grand Chasers pulled back at the same time. They sustained too many casualties in one bout, and most of their mechs had started overheating from the intense exertion of their weapons and flight systems.
 Ves suddenly received a comm message.
 "Get over to the hangar bay! The Harrier has just returned and it’s in really bad shape!"
 "Dietrich!"
 Ves left the command console and walked out of the engineering bay. He ran through the corridors in his hazard with his Amastendira kept safe within a pocket. Once he reached the hangar bay, he took a look at the steaming mess of junk the Harrier had been reduced too.
 A handful of mech technicians brought in heavy cutting tools and started grinding through the cockpit area.
 "What happened to the Harrier?! Is Dietrich still alive?"
 "He’s alive, but the data says he has a concussion!" A mech technician responded quickly as he tried to bore through the cockpit.
 Ves shook his head and made a choice. "That will take too long. Let me try something."
 Once he floated above the cockpit, Ves mentally recalled the schematics of the mech. The Harrier featured a typical reverse-V cockpit system where the thick, robust chest pating swiveled outward. This left open a gap near the neck area where a mech pilot would be able to enter and exit the hatch at the top of the cockpit.
 This type of entry system gained a bad reputation because it was easy to jam the swivel procedure. Right now, the Harrier not only missed an arm and a leg. It also suffered severe explosive trauma evidenced by the cratering frontal armor.
 "This is going to be a little tricky."
 Ves did not bother with a plasma cutter. Who needed those heavy tools when he already had possessed a much more potent weapon?
 He retrieved his Amastendira and dialed the power setting to a medium-intensity burn. He aimed the barrel of the pistol at the damaged chest armor and pulled the trigger.
 The laser slowly melted through the Harrier’s uncompressed armor plating. Even though the uncompressed armor lacked any notable attributes, the mech technicians still called out in alarm.
 "How powerful is that gun?"
 "Is this a new type of laser cutter? Where can I buy one?"
 "You idiot. It’s not a tool, but a weapon! Do you think any compact laser pistol can outperform a plasma cutter?"
 "Ouch! You didn’t have to hit my head!"
 Once Ves carefully burned through the frontal plating, he called over a couple of aging bots to remove the excess debris. Once the bots peeled away the last layers, Ves came face-to-face with Dietrich’s limp body.
 "Hang on there, Dietrich! Help is coming."
 A pair of homegrown medics climbed on top of the prone Harrier and carefully crawled over to the cockpit. "He’s suffered more than a concussion! We need to take him to the medbay!"
 The medics efficiently removed the unconscious Dietrich from the piloting seat and laid him down on a floating stretcher. In less than two minutes, they secured the Little Boss and guided his stretcher towards the medbay.Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 In a battle between forces comprised of over one division, the worth of a single mech had been reduced to almost nothing.
 Mechs continued to fall and ships sustained more and more damage. The willingness to fight on and inflict more casualties to the opponents continued to burn unabated.
 From the initial explosive start, the battle had turned into a lower-intensity battle of attrition. The two fleets widened the distance between each other and started rotating their spent mechs in and out of their carriers in order to replenish or perform some emergency repairs.
 Even though the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion worked their mechs and mech pilots to the bone, they only had each other in their sights. No matter how much they suffered, as long as their enemies suffered with them, their willingness to get back in space remained steady.
 The momentous battle had a profound effect on Ves, especially when Dietrich returned with wounds.
 "Will he make a recovery?"
 "He’s still in one piece." Someone said. "That’s good, right? When a cockpit is breached, the pilot is always dead. Dietrich only got away with a couple of hard bumps so he should be back on his feet in no time."
 Ves truly hoped his friend would recover. The Whalers had suffered enough on the Glowing Planet and losing another ship from the Vesian sneak attack put them in a very somber mood.
 He left the hangar bay and returned to engineering before stepping up to the command console again. Once he activated the plot of the local space, he noted that the two fleets still hadn’t shown any signs of retreating.
 From his observations of this battle, he made two conclusions.
 First, the mercenary corps and gangs stood no chance against a military force. While the mechs of the Mech Legion didn’t always trump over the mechs of the private sector, the level of training, discipline and coordination became a huge force multiplier that mowed down any undisciplined group of mechs.
 "No wonder Dietrich hadn’t made it. As far as the Mech Legion is concerned, he’s a lone wolf with nobody else to back him up."
 Second, the battle also showcased that the best mechs didn’t always prevail. Some of the bigger outfits like the Blood Claws fielded advanced mechs piloted by their best champions. These mechs cost about the same as the Bloodbeak and featured compressed armor and a robust flight system.
 They should have stolen the show when they faced a squad of cheaper Vesian mechs, but in actuality the opposite happened. The Mech Legion had no scruples in ganging up on these elites with an abundance of frontline space mechs.
 These frontline space mechs utilized designs that barely looked like mechs. They resembled spacecraft with arms, as their legs had been made redundant entirely. Instead, the designers extended the waist and stuffed some extra thrusters to enhance their forward acceleration.
 Ves estimated that frontline space mechs like these shouldn’t cost more than 15 million credits. On the plot, eight of them managed to isolate an advanced mech from its escorts. They pelted the unfortunate mech from all sides and quickly overwhelmed its defenses, shooting it into pieces.
 The unlucky mech pilot managed to eject in time, but the Mech Legion didn’t let it off and sent out a single frontline space mech to tear it to shreds.
 "Numbers and skill matter more than quality in a large scale battle like this. The value of an advanced is marginal in these circumstances."
 At best, a comech with compressed armor lasted a little longer in battle. If they pilot didn’t possess the skill to back up his daring, even a comech wouldn’t be able to save his life.
 Ves understood now why the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion utilized frontline mechs and employed regular mech pilots with no prospect of advancing into a higher tier.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 He also understood why the military let go of the advanced mech pilots who possessed some talent.
 "It’s better to form a large, cohesive force than a smaller number of unruly elites."
 The entire battle lit up a light inside his mind. His conception of mechs and their use on the battlefield evolved to take into account a new kind of situation. Even though Ves had read the theory on the use of mechs in massive battlefields, he almost entirely forgot about it. Only when he truly came in touch with mass death and slaughter did he admit that he’d been wrong.
 He kind of understood the System’s insistence on proliferating his designs. A top mech designer should not only aim to design the most exquisite mechs for the most elite pilots, but they should also be able to design affordable mechs for the common mech pilots.
 Witnessing hours-long struggle fanned his desire to design a cheaper mech. The quality and performance between the different bottom-tier designs varied wildly.
 Ves had already seen the worst in the mechs of the Whalers. The designs utilized by the Mech Corps and Mech Legion possessed a lot more refinement without letting the cost get out of control.
 Seeing them in action taught Ves a lot about how the mech pilots squeezed every bit of potential out of their modest mechs. From moving in unison to focusing their fire, the importance of teamwork could not be overstated.
 He also understood why mech pilots enjoyed much more prestige than the mech designers who made their machines.
 "The differences between mechs don’t matter that much compared to the training of the mech pilots who use them.
 Just when Ves thought this battle would continue until the losses grew to an unsustainable level, a sudden accident on the battlefield changed the entire equation.
 The Mech Legion occasionally launched a volley of torpedoes at the ships of the Mech Corps. Most of the time, the Volari Starhawks and the other regiments of the Mech Corps whittled them down before they impacted a ship, but the extended engagement had reduced their number to half.
 In those circumstances, the Mech Corps still expected to be able to shoot down the torpedo volleys.
 Yet the Mech Legion didn’t send out a regular volley this time. They held back beforehand to lull the Mech Corps in a sense of complacency.
 Their next volley carried fifty percent more torpedoes this time.
 The moment the Vesians launched their latest volley, the Mech Corps knew they’d fallen into a trap.
 Many mechs of the Volari Starhawks tried to disentangle from their dance with the Grand Chasers, but failed to break away. The Grand Chasers knew that this was their coup-de-grace and did all they could to bind the Starhawks in place.
 The other regiments that hovered close to the fleet went in action to take out the torpedoes. While they felled a fair number of explosive payloads, it was never enough as the surviving torpedoes filtered through the dense rain of fire.
 Even though a handful of ranged mechs hastily emerged from the carriers to help out their comrades, a couple of torpedoes still made it through in the end.
 Four ships suffered severe damage. One torpedo missed its mark due to being subjected by an intense amount of ECM.
 However, its programming forced it to continue on with its terminal flight and just happen to strike a nearby ship.
 The damaged ship just happened to be a transport carrying a large-scale dimensional smoother.
 The moment the ship blew up, a strange pulse of spacetime wracked the impact site. The immediate area around the wreckage deformed in some way. The mechs nearest to the damaged site splintered apart into tiny hand-sized pieces as if their mechs ran through an indestructible net.
 The disaster spooked the Mech Corps, and the brass quickly issued a call for a general retreat.
 The massive fleet comprised of the ships from the Bright Republic finally moved away from their Vesian counterparts.
 The Volari Starhawks pulled back as well. Though some of the Grand Chasers showed signs of moving in pursuit, they received orders to pull back as well.
 As the distance quickly widened, the mechs stopped shooting each other as their shots increasingly missed the mark.
 "Why did they retreat all of a sudden?"
 He understood why the Mech Corps retreated in the face of such a disaster. Without the dimensional smoother keeping the local spacetime stable, they risked getting felled by another anomaly. They had to rearrange their formation as quickly as possible and that took time.
 The Mech Legion should have pushed their advantage and exploit the opening revealed by the Mech Corps.
 Then, he looked at the live feed of the area in space where the dimensional smoother had been torn apart. Debris thrown away from the explosion halted their outward expansion and started to reverse.
 The site of the explosion thrummed and vibrated as if a singularity came into being.
 Instead, something more miraculous happened. Time seemed to reverse as the broken parts converged into one. A blast reappeared, but this time it started outwards and compressed inward like an implosion. The debris lost their deformations and slotted back into a single whole transport as if it had never been destroyed in the first place.
 The torpedo that struck it got restored as well, but it traveled away from the previously-doomed ship as if time continued to rewind.
 "What?!"
 Ves scratched his head. Had the ship really been restored to whole, just like that?
 Then the torpedo slowed down mid-flight, before travelling forward as if time had been flipped in the right direction again. The torpedo juked back and forth as if it dodged a storm of counterfire and made a drastic turn as it got affected by ECM before impacting the transport yet again.
 The exact same explosion happened and the ship got destroyed in the exact same way. Besides having been left behind by the fleet, nothing appeared to have changed.
 Moments later, time reversed yet again, and the debris pulled back together until the ship came back to life. The torpedo that felled travelled outwards again as hale as if it had just been launched.
 A spike of fear ran through his spine as Ves continued to watch the same event happening over and over again. Of all the things he expected when a dimensional smoother got destroyed, he never realized it could actually lead to a strange loop in time.
 "What the hell is a dimensional smoother made of?"
 Ves had the conception that humanity had been playing with fire when they came up with such a device. Although its ability to force space and time to remain stable proved useful, the dangers resulting from improper use scared the living light out of his soul.
 When Ves thought about the attempts to overload the dimensional smoothers aboard the Gregarious Wrath, he broke out a nervous sweat.
 No wonder the Mech Corps pulled out so quickly. Even the Mech Legion wanted nothing to do with the anomaly despite already passing it by. Their excessive caution indicated that the anomaly might expand and engulf others into this seemingly endless time loop.
 "At least they stopped fighting."
 The battle might have made sense to the higher ups, but Ves always worried about getting the Happy Jelly shot out from underneath him. As a former transport vessel, it lacked the toughness and structural integrity of a purpose-built combat carrier. Even a single mech acting out alone would be able to cripple the Jelly.
 The two fleets continued to drift apart, going in slightly different directions as they made their way out of the Glowing Zone.
 One remarkable thing happened as they made their final leg of the journey. Rescue parties from both sides flew back and descended on the debris field to pull out any survivors that had been left behind. A handful of transports also grabbed some of the smaller intact containers and brought them back to their fleets.
 Ves found it remarkable that the rescue parties went out of their way to avoid each other. Not a single mech or shuttle clashed against each other.
 It seemed that even if the Republic and the Kingdom hated each other’s guts, they still possessed some sense of humanity.
 "This should be the end of this campaign."
 After seventy days of traveling, fighting, and making a profit, the survivors would finally return home with their booty.
 Ves half-expected some kind of surprise to spring in front of his face. Maybe a fleet of pirates would transition out of FTL nearby, or maybe the Vesians wanted to go for a second round.
 Only until the entire fleet flew beyond the edge of the Glowing Zone and transitioned into FTL did he relax.
 "It’s really over now."
 The motley Republican fleet had split up into smaller detachments that each flew in a different direction.
 Most of the ships of the Mech Corps navigated towards Bentheim, including all of their transports that had been stuffed with high-value ores.
 The Happy Jelly received the same navigational data and jumped with the diminished fleet along with many of the other outfits that chose to join in. Right now, none of them looked to be in a shape to fight.
 Everyone was bone-tired and they used up too much of their mechs and supplies to defend their own valuable cargo.
 After half a day of travel, Ves finally left the engineering bay and sought out Walter. He found him on the bridge, wearing a pensive face.
 "Hi, Walter."
 "Larkinson. What are you here for?"
 "I wanted to ask how we are dealing with the cargo. We made it out with a lot of exotics."
 Before they went on this expedition, Ves had negotiated a ten percent cut on the earnings. Naturally, as he offered his services as an individual, the money would flow in his personal accounts instead of his company accounts.
 Walter nodded in response. "I just got off the line with the Mech Corps. They want me to sell my haul to them once we reach Bentheim."
 "What kind of prices are they offering?"
 "I had someone check the market prices. They’re lower than the official prices and the black market prices. We’ll be forced to sell the goods at a thirty percent discount if we take this deal."
 Ves frowned at that. "That sounds scummy. What are they offering in return?"
 "Nothing. Well, there’s one thing. We can get rid of our hot potatoes. Don’t forget that everyone already knows we’ve made it off with billions of credits worth of exotics. What do you think will happen if we want to wait for a better price and store it in some kind of warehouse in Bentheim or Cloudy Curtain? A whole bunch of untraceable mechs will descend on it and steal all our hard-earned valuables away!"
 Too much wealth wasn’t always a good thing if you didn’t have the strength to protect your assets. With how prolific the campaign had been, a large number of vultures must have already gathered in and around Bentheim.
 Any outfit that showed any carelessness would instantly be robbed of their possessions.
 Walter’s Whalers had never been anything more than a gang that ruled over a single rural planet. They lost a large portion of their men and mechs so their strength was at an all-time low just when they made it off with an enormous harvest.
 Such a combination easily bred disaster.
 "Isn’t there any other party who will offer a better price for our goods?"
 "They all shut me down when I called." Walter admitted with furrowed brows. "Even the black market is refusing to listen to my offers."
 There was only one reason why no one else dared to engage in the trade. They’d been warned off by the Mech Corps.
 Ves understood what went on as he listened to Walter. "The exotics we’ve harvested from the Glowing Planet are strategic materials. Even if the Mech Corps won’t incorporate them into their own mechs, they can still make a handsome profit by selling them to the Friday Coalition or some cross-star sector trading company."
 "The Mech Corps doesn’t want us to sell our exotics to the Vesians or the pirates. It will strengthen their enemies even further if we trade with someone outside of the Republic."
 They really had no choice but to accept the unfair conditions proposed by the Mech Corps. Ves actually admired them for pulling off this stunt. They extorted them out of their exotics, but at least they didn’t offer too much of a discount.
 As Walter put it, "Thirty percent is not worth falling out with the Mech Corps."
 The Mech Corps offered different rates on different types and qualities of exotics. While it had been easy for the Whalers to tally the amount and variety of exotics, it was a lot more difficult to judge their quality. They’d need a professional to nail down their exact value.
 Even if Ves knew a thing or two about exotics, he wouldn’t claim to be a specialist in raw exotic ores.
 Due to the differences in quality, Ves and Walter found it hard to estimate a final price on their harvest.
 "Depending on how much higher grade stuff is mixed in with the junk exotics, we can earn around seventeen to thirty-five billion credits."
 This was a massive profit, and it could have been more if the Whalers hadn’t lost a ship. The Whalers instantly turned into billionaires while Ves could look forward to a decent payday as well, not that he needed it. He already received the most important rewards from the System.
 Still, the euphoria of earning all of those credits quickly made way for skepticism. "Your gang is one of the smaller outfits that profited from the Glowing Planet. The Blood Claws must have earned at least ten times as much, and the Mech Corps themselves at least a thousand times this sum."
 "What’s your point?" Walter scratched his greying head.
 "A lot of people and a lot of organizations are getting rich overnight. They also happened to have lost a lot of mechs and men. As you just mentioned, getting into possession of a lot of wealth but not enough means to defend it all will only invite calamity. The first thing everyone will do is spend all of their money on strengthening their forces."
 Now he understood the point that Ves was trying to make. "Everyone will jack up their prices. Hah! That’s bad for us, but good for you!"
 Now that they were on their way back to civilized space, Ves began to think like a businessman again. He knew that the aftermath of the campaign would have profound effects on the local economy.
 As he left the bridge to return to his bunk, Ves thought about who ultimately gained an advantage of the brief campaign.
 The biggest winners should be MTA who lent the dimensional smoothers to the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion. Ves suspected that the price of these things shouldn’t be small.
 As the Glowing Planet became known when it drifted through the Republic’s territory, the Mech Corps was able to mobilize more forces and more allies. In turn, this meant they made more profit than their Vesian counterparts.
 "Losing a dimensional smoother should hurt a lot."
 Even if the Mech Legion was at fault for destroying the loaned device, the ultimate responsibility lay with the Republic who lent it in the first place. The MTA would demand a lot of compensation for their lost machine.
 "No wonder they’re so overbearing this time. They want to make up for their losses."
 Still, all these things happened in the background. Despite the pain, the Mech Corps and the Mech Legion would definitely begin to invest their earnings into improving their battle capabilities.
 The other gangs and mercenary corps would follow suit as well. What was the use of a padded bank account when then they only returned with half their mechs and ships?
 Still, Ves predicted that a lot of people would retire in the coming months. Why would these mercenaries and gang members continue to fight like beggars when they already received enough money to retire like kings?
 He expected many of them to apply for citizenship at the Friday Coalition. Some of the partners of the Coalition like the Carnegie Group and the Vermeer Group welcomed immigration from the poorer states as long as they brought enough benefits.
 "That’s going to be bad." Ves thought grimly as he walked down the corridors of the Happy Jelly. "Fewer mercenaries means less customers."
 Still, he didn’t think that a lot of people would succeed in applying to the Coalition. All of that money had to be split up in the group. The larger the organisation, the more they earned, but the more they had to split up their booty as well. Only the upper ranks should earn enough to retire in the Coalition.
 Thinking about the ripple effects of all of this major influx in spending gave Ves a headache. Besides predicting a rise in inflation and a couple of other consequences, he didn’t dare to make any further assumptions.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "That reminds me, the LMC should have setup a robust financial department by now." His CFO Mackarie should have already analyzed the upcoming shifts in the economy. "Now that there’s no restriction to using the galactic net, I should check up on how my company is faring."
 Ves vaguely thought that his company should be making a brisk amount of sales. Even though he hadn’t kept tabs on every Blackbeak that had been deployed on the Glowing Planet, if he took Fadah’s Blackbeak as a measure, then the model line should have performed well.
 Even as the cheap and rickety mechs of the Whalers started to fall apart from all of the stress and fatigue, the Blackbeak still performed close to its prime. This should be a given, as Ves had explicitly designed the Blackbeak to excel in long, gruelling wars.
 Once he returned to his bunk, he checked up on Lucky’s egg before jumping into his bed. He brought up his comm and searched the latest news on the LMC.
 "LIVING MECH COMPANY RISING LIKE A ROCKET - REVENUE IS ESTIMATED TO SURPASS 4 BILLION CREDITS"
 "IN BED WITH THE LMC - VAUN INDUSTRIAL SIGNS LICENSING CONTRACT TO PRODUCE THE INCREASINGLY PROMINENT BLACKBEAK DESIGN"
 "WHAT’S THE DIFFERENCE? LET THIS MECH EXPERT TELL YOU THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE BRONZE, SILVER AND GOLD LABEL MECHS OF THE LMC"
 "WHAT A STEAL! PREVIOUS OWNER OF A LIMITED EDITION MARCUS AURELIUS MECH DESIGNED BY VES LARKINSON SOLD FOR 250 MILLION CREDITS!"
 In between the trivial bits of news, Ves came across an alarming piece of news.
 "They signed an agreement with Vaun Industrial!"
 When the topic came up in the previous board meeting, Ves firmly rejected the option to allow Vaun to produce his bronze label Blackbeaks.
 The LMC eventually partnered up with Mr. Neverland’s Elemental Mech Engineering instead. Although their first copies of the Blackbeak suffered from a couple of faults, they eventually straightened out their production and produced mechs worthy of his name, if only barely.
 "At least the EME puts some heart in their products."
 What he saw at Vaun Industrial’s massive manufacturing complex didn’t disgust him, but they came close in doing so. Vaun pursued the limits in scale, precision and efficiency, and did everything in its power to eliminate the human factor out of their high-volume fabrication processes.
 "That’s not to say it’s the wrong approach, but it doesn’t fit with my design philosophy."
 Even if he designed a couple of cheaper frontline mechs, he would still try to fabricate them according to his preferred methods. Ves wanted the LMC to be known as a company that sold mechs that came to life. Producing lifeless lumps of alloys directly contradicted the vision he laid out for his company.
 "What should I do about this?"
 He knew that such a decision must have been approved by an overwhelming majority of the board. His grandfather Benjamin alone should have been able to stop this decision in its tracks.
 Since the company went through with it anyway indicated that the Larkinson Estate at least tacitly assented to the move.
 "They don’t understand my intentions."
 It might have been his fault for not conveying his vision properly. The Larkinsons had never really been short on money, but they probably started seeing the benefits once they realized they could milk their twenty-five percent shares in his company.
 He didn’t blame them for being greedy.
 "I’m going to have to set some rules when I return."
 When Ves delved into the galactic net and called up a limited summary of the LMC’s earnings, he became surprised how much it had earned since he left for the Glowing Planet.
 The LMC itself made a good chunk of profit by selling over thirty silver label Blackbeaks at elevated prices. The profit margin went up over time as Marcella likely took advantage of the increased demand of the silver label model.
 Right now, the company made around 30 million credits per mech in gross profits! To put that into perspective, if Ves extrapolated this performance to an entire year, the company could easily rake in over 5 billion credits in profits with its own production alone!
 "It’s too bad we aren’t producing the Blackbeaks fast enough." Ves shook his head.
 Even if the LMC possessed a fantastic production line, it could only do so much. Fabricating one comech like the Blackbeak was the best that the LMC could achieve.
 "I should consider adding another production line in the near future. This bottleneck is really starting to annoy me."
 He also wanted to reduce his reliance on third-party manufacturers, though he guessed he’d never be able to get rid of them. The more his designs caught on, the more people wanted to buy his products.
 Many other manufacturers possessed a head-start compared to the LMC in investing in their production capacity. In the short and medium term, it made more sense to license his designs to third parties.
 However, Ves believed that ultimately the LMC would catch up when it reinvested its profits into adding new production lines.
 "The profits I’m earning from the licensing deals will help a lot."
 Compared to the insane profit margins of the silver label Blackbeaks, the bronze label versions obviously earned the LMC a trickle of money.
 Elemental Mech Engineering sold just over a hundred mechs each month and paid the LMC 2.5 million credits per sale.
 In a business perspective, the EME profited big at the expense of the LMC, as the third-party only had to handover a flat fee per mech while being able to jack up its prices to take advantage of the increased demand for the entire product line.
 Ves, Marcella and his company had done the heavy lifting to promote the Blackbeak design. He risked his reputation and Melinda’s life by accepting a public design duel against Michael Dumont.
 Still, as much as Ves could harp on EME’s freeloading, the company at least produced decent mechs. The reviews and comments on their products had generally been positive, and nobody complained about the minor imperfections they still hadn’t been able to eliminate.
 The LMC would be set to earn about 3 billion credits per year in licensing fees from the EME. This was a very tidy income stream considering that Ves and his company didn’t need to lift a finger to earn this sum.
 If the EME already made a modest contribution to his company’s earnings, then the newer income stream from Vaun really ratcheted it up.
 Vaun Industrial had hit the ground running as soon as they signed the licensing contract about a month ago. They allocated a significant amount of production lines to the first batches of Blackbeaks.
 Impressively enough, almost none of the copies featured any faults or imperfections. This enabled them to sell their bronze label Blackbeaks at a slightly higher price than EME.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 More remarkable was that Vaun Industrial skipped the local markets entirely. Instead of selling their mechs in Bentheim alongside the offerings of the LMC and the EME, Vaun had made the bold decision to export it across the Republic’s borders.
 Vaun had actually managed to sell the Blackbeak in the Ylvain Protectorate of all places!
 "I thought those religious nutjobs always turned up their noses against foreign mechs."
 Bordering on the far side of the Bright Republic’s borders, the Ylvain Protectorate was a rather peculiar third-rate state. Similar to the Hexarchic Hegemony, the government instituted a strong religious regime, practically brainwashing its citizens from birth.
 The Ylvainans grew up to be a closed and xenophobic bunch. This happened to make their state a favored recruiting ground for the CFA, who constantly needed new blood to crew their warships.
 Compared to their passion for warships, the Ylvainans were less impressed with mechs. Even though they understood their necessity and oriented a significant part of their society to mechs, they only maintained a robust defence force and had never shown any signs of aggression.
 This pretty much made them one of the best neighbors of the Bright Republic. The Ylvainans would never ally themselves with the Vesians and attack the Republic from two fronts.
 "Vaun isn’t satisfied with exporting the Blackbeaks to the Ylvainans alone. They’re also starting to break grounds in other foreign markets."
 Ves didn’t know what to think about their ambitious actions. They basically pre-empted the LMC by expanding into the foreign markets first. Would the LMC still have room left to sell their own products once they finally got around to exporting their own products across the border?
 The conflicts of interests that resulted in such a clash might upend their entire relationship. On the other hand, Vaun also did the heavy lifting in creating a demand for the product line outside the Republic.
 "It feels weird for my company to be the freeloader this time."
 In any case, the relatively high volume of production already netted the LMC a lot of money. Regardless if the mechs sold or not, Vaun had to pay the licensing fees upon producing a model.
 This already netted the LMC around 700 million credits. Vaun already showed signs of ramping up their production even further, but even if it maintained the same level of production, they still had to pay over 8 billion credits to his company on an annual basis!
 Compared to what Ves earned from his contributions on the Glowing Planet, the LMC generated at least five times as much money!
 "They didn’t even need to risk their lives." He muttered.
 This was such a drastic rise in profits especially since the LMC didn’t incur that much expenses. The LMC would have earned a multitude more money if it didn’t have to rely on third-party manufacturers to compensate for its inadequate production capacity.
 Considering the ridiculous amount of licensing fees that Vaun Industrial transferred to the LMC, Ves found it hard to stay angry at the board.
 While it didn’t appear that Ves was short on money, he knew that things might change once the war started in earnest. In addition, he also needed to accumulate a lot of money to take part in the introduction of the next generation of mechs less than nine years from now.
 The first licenses always cost the most. Even a warchest of 100 billion credits wouldn’t be sufficient to get ahold of a single nextgen component license.
 License costs usually halved after a year or two, but by then the initial investors had gained a decisive first mover advantage in the rebooted mech market. Once these investors gained a lead, it was hard to knock them down from their pedestals.
 Still, thanks to his earnings, the LMC was well on track to take part in the coming race.
 "All of this is thanks to my Blackbeak design."
 Without his skills and his expensive and exclusive component licences, he’d never be able to design a mech that could stand on its own in the mech industry. Both of these factors comprised the core ingredients to the success of his design.
 He didn’t grow too conceited at his design’s amazing performance. It had taken a lot of work to gather all the ingredients. Without risking his life on Groening IV, Ves would have likely continued to piddle in the mud with the increasingly aging Marc Antony Mark II design.
 Only by stepping out of his comfort zone and do the jobs that others were afraid of doing did he elevate himself above his peers.
 "I kind of understand Master Olson’s perspective now."
 He always understood that going on expeditions increased a mech designer’s perspective and polished their skills.
 Yet enriching his perspective only formed half of the benefits.
 The other half consisted of material rewards. The harvest made on the expedition along with the rewards given by others for completing a mission played a crucial role in accelerating his career.
 Right now, besides padding his personal bank account with a couple of extra billion credits, Ves also fulfilled a mission from the Clifford Society. He already sent the logs of the Whalers to one of their addresses.
 Once the Society confirmed their authenticity, Ves would be credited with another 200 merits. He could do a lot with such a generous amount of merits, from acquiring exclusive Coalition licenses to buying premium production equipment.
 He also earned big from the System. While the golden lottery tickets were a bit iffy, he did gain the amazing Amastendira laser pistol from the random draw.
 That weapon alone was worth more than the annual profit of a major mech manufacturer. Although the System hadn’t managed to recover it to its prime state, its ridiculous power and capacity meant that Ves feared no threat on foot.
 The Transcendence Pill also formed a unique reward. Ordinarily, he should have only been able to get his hands on such a pill much later on when he became a Journeyman Mech Designer. To be able to upgrade his mental parameters beyond the human limit so early would definitely help him advance much faster.
 As for the mysterious Special Upgrade Voucher (Machine), Ves browsed his Inventory and scanned its description again.
 [Special Upgrade Voucher (Machine)]
 This voucher can be applied to any object that fits the definition ’machine’ and will comprehensively upgrade them to a higher rank. The smaller the machine, the more extensive the upgrade. This voucher is less effective on advanced and complex machines.
 From what Ves understood of the brief description, he could apply the voucher to anything from his Amastendira to the Barracuda. It just wouldn’t be very effective if he used the voucher on those two machines.
 "The Amastendira is so advanced the System categorizes it with the rank of Supreme. I’ve never seen a Supreme-ranked item before in my life. Even the old Lucky is only rated gold by the System."
 As for the Barracuda, she consisted of several millions of tons of both regular and exotic alloys. Perhaps the entire energy of the voucher would only be able to improve its acceleration by one percent or something.
 In conclusion, the voucher failed to match his expectations. "As expected of the System."
 From the golden lottery tickets to the limited capabilities of the upgrade voucher, the System really pulled the wool over its eyes. It surely profited big when it absorbed the strange diamond-like jewel that Ves had recovered from the skull of that long-dead giant.
 "What’s up with the giant, anyway?"
 The entire Glowing Planet had been weird from the start. From destroying ships with spacetime anomalies, to messing up the energy cells with the overcharge phenomenon, everything about the planet pointed to a sense that it didn’t welcome any visitors.
 Its temper tantrum upon stealing the jewel only reinforced that idea.
 All of these happenings prompted Ves to ask a very absurd question. "Is the planet... alive?"
 Ves didn’t dare to guess the answer. He had only scratched the surface of the Glowing Planet’s origins and didn’t wish to make a faulty assumption.
 At least he left all of its horrors behind. Of all the awful things that happened to him, meeting the ghost that wore his mother’s face was the worst. He never really made up his mind about his mother.
 Malicious or not, the dead should have moved on from this reality, or at least stay out of sight of their descendants.
 "I’m glad I won’t have to see her again."
 The Happy Jelly travelled several light-years away from the Glowing Planet by now. There was no way he would encounter the ghost again.
 Would he?
 Traveling to Bentheim took a lot less time and effort than trying to navigate towards the Glowing Planet.
 A lone planet swinging through space without a star or anything else that could act as a lighthouse meant that ships had to be really close to make the final jump.
 In contrast, the Bentheim system formed the largest lighthouse in this stretch of space. Even an outdated ship like the Happy Jelly could easily fix in its coordinates from the border of the Bright Republic.
 The journey lasted six days in total. When the Mech Corps and many of the outfits that allied with the Republic arrived at the edge of the star system, everyone let out a relieved breath.
 They had finally reached safe harbor.
 Anything could happen in space. An unlikely chance still existed that an unknown group figured out their route and intercepted them midway by disturbing the local space along the route with a strong and intense gravitic field.
 Just like how the passage of the Glowing Passage had pulled a trade convoy out of FTL, an artificial gravity field could achieve the same effects.
 Nothing of the sort came to pass, which let many people put down their worries. Their ships and their harvests also enjoyed the protection of the Mech Corps within the System. Virtually every outfit accepted the same deal the Whalers had signed, so their cargo already belonged to the Republic.
 A handful of ships refused to follow the vast majority of the ships towards the inner system. Instead, they jumped back into FTL as soon as their FTL drives finished cycling.
 "The idiots. They’re going to get ambushed a couple of light-years away I bet." Ves remarked to Melkor as he transferred to the Barracuda.
 "They might have something up their sleeves. Those who are confident they can sell their payloads by themselves won’t be taking the standard trade routes. Pirates will have a hard time trying to predict their routes."
 Now that they arrived to safety, Ves parted ways with the Whalers. The Barracuda flew close to the Happy Jelly in order to receive the Stanislaw and a shuttle carrying the two Larkinsons.
 During the previous campaign, the Mech Corps employed the Barracuda as a forward scout. They stationed the corvette in the surrounding star systems in order to keep tabs of any ships that used those planets as their stops.
 The job didn’t sound glamorous, but it had to be done. At least it put the Barracuda well out of the way of any battles. Nimble as she might be, she could not take a lot of hits.
 Ves first entered Captain Silvestra’s office. Besides listening to her report, he also wanted her input on something else.
 "Captain, you and your crew have been exemplary employees to me so far. Considering the rapid growth of the LMC, your responsibilities will only increase in the future. Therefore, in addition to the hazard pay you’re owed, I’m also setting aside a pot worth several million credits to be spent on training. I have plans, and I need a capable crew to run my ship."
 The woman blinked. "That’s very generous of you, sir. This is much more than what we are owed."
 "Nonsense. I’ve already dragged the Barracuda into two perilous expeditions. I can’t promise you there won’t be another one in the future. Even if she’s mainly used as a scout, it doesn’t change the fact that I’m subjecting you to a lot of danger."
 "Admittedly, this isn’t what we’ve expected when we initially agreed to work with a mech designer." The Captain reluctantly said, though Ves faintly suspected she acted timid on purpose. "We started our careers in the civilian sector by entertaining men aboard yachts. At no point have we ever trained to serve in a war theater."
 Ves extended his hand. "Hence the training. If you agree to keep working for me, I’ll promise you and your women won’t be earning a pittance in my service. While I considered doubling your salaries, I think it’s better for all of us if you shore up your skills."
 The captain wrapped her fingers on her desk. "I’ll have to discuss it with the girls. Even if you haven’t approached us with an offer, I was planning to suggest something myself. Not all of us are cut out for the battlefield."
 "You won’t be able to avoid a fight. The Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom is already in a state of war, they just haven’t declared it yet. That battle between the two fleets..."
 His memories of that day sometimes gave him nightmares. He became especially spooked when he recalled that strange time loop that came into being when a torpedo destroyed the transport carrying a dimensional smoother.
 "It will take some time for us to consider our options. I’ll have a final answer for you within a week."
 "That’s fine."
 Once he finished his discussion with Silvestra, Ves left her office and entered the tiny observation room that served as a lounge. Melkor had thrown his body onto a sofa and currently stared at the stars shining from beyond the transparent panels covering the upper deck of the corvette.
 "Melkor."
 ’Ves."
 "There’s something I’d like to talk to you about."
 Melkor turned his head, facing Ves with his opaque blue visor. "What do you want to know?"
 "When the Larkinsons sent you to serve as my bodyguard, did they give you additional instructions? For example, if I do anything that would severely harm their interests, are you obliged to do something about it?"
 "Nothing of the sorts." Melkor firmly shrugged his head. "What do you think we are, the Gauge Dynasty? Raella and I have only been assigned to protect you and guard your life, something which is hard to do when you are constantly throwing yourself in reckless adventures by the way. As far as I’m concerned, you’re the biggest danger to yourself."
 "Thanks for the compliment. I think." Ves chuckled. "While I’m not sure whether you are pretending or not, I do want to say that I trust you regardless. You don’t seem like a guy who’d stab me in the back."
 His cousin smirked at him. "Are you sure about that?"
 "I am. Even though you don’t talk all that much, you never shed the impression that you’re a man of honor."
 "I’m not a knight mech pilot, you know."
 "You’re a perfect fit for a knight if you aren’t so good at ranged combat."
 "I take it you didn’t come here to talk about my loyalties and mech inclinations. Spit it out. What do you really have in mind?"
 "Alright, I have two priorities in mind, and they’re kind of connected. As you might have heard, the LMC is doing really well now. The truth is that it’s entered into an explosive growth phase. I’m expecting the company to earn well over 10 billion credits in the current fiscal year."
 "That’s some serious money!" Melkor replied with awe. "This is only the second year you began to do business, right? Are all mech designers so rich?"
 "Of course not! I’m something of an outlier here. I’m really good at my job."
 "Right."
 Ves couldn’t say he had the System to thank for his rapid growth. This allowed him to catch up and exceed his peers who studied in prestigious schools in second-rate states like the Friday Coalition.
 If not for the System, Ves would have gone bankrupt almost immediately after receiving his father’s indebted assets. While that wouldn’t ruin his life, he’d be forced to toil as a factory supervisor or something instead of fulfilling his dream of designing mechs.
 He unconsciously recalled the time he visited a museum on Moira’s Paradise. The oceanic planet’s museum featured an amusing exhibit of a mirror that purported to show the viewer of his reflection from another reality.
 Ves came across himself as a loser.
 He quickly shook his head. That dready future hadn’t come to pass. Instead, he became a successful mech designer and businessman who earned more than ninety-nine percent of the rest of the Republic.
 He truly belonged to the upper echelon of the Republic now that he helmed a multi-billion credit company. And this was just the start. His ambitions stretched much further, and to accomplish his plans, he needed reliable people at his side.
 "Let me get to the point." Ves pulled his mind back to the present. "Currently, I’ve signed a contract with Sanyal-Ablin to provide security for my premises. They’ve done a decent job so far and they’re also involved with designing and constructing the LMC’s new manufacturing complex. However, I can’t take them along whenever I go out on another ’adventure’ as you say. They don’t offer those kinds of services. It’s too risky, they say."
 It also embroiled the supposedly neutral security company in a lot of political messes. Only mercenaries dared to accept these kinds of duties, and only at great cost. Even then, their trustworthiness would always be rather fluid.
 "I’m looking to establish a personal force that works solely under my name. I want you to create one from scratch."
 This time, Melkor became fully alert. He stopped relaxing against the sofa and immediately sat upright.
 "Why are you setting up a personal force?" He asked with genuine puzzlement. "Doesn’t it make more sense to slap together a company security force?"
 The difference between the two was that one force worked for an individual and the other owed their loyalties to the entire company.
 The Bright Republic treated the two very differently. A company security force often followed a strict regime and they always followed orders from a group of decision makers.
 Mech pilots considered a career into company security forces to be a stable, low-risk track. While they didn’t earn as much as mercenaries, at least they’d be able to live with their families all year round.
 In contrast, the Republic often treated a personal security force as a group of thugs. To be fair, personal forces often ended up proving their bad reputations as they enforced their employer’s private dealings.
 And now, Ves just suggested that he had need of his own group of ruffians. This did not inspire a lot of confidence in Melkor.
 "It’s not what you think." Ves quickly added. "The reason why I want a personal force is because I’m planning to go on my own expeditions in the future. It’s hard to compel a company security force to follow me into far-flung territories."
 "That makes a lot of sense. But why are you so insistent on raising your own force?"
 "Because I’m a big shot now. I should act like it. I’m tired of being left out of the loop. I’ve also had it with being treated like a footsoldier. Since I have all of this money, I figured why not invest in my own mechs and ships? I want to take back some control over my life. I don’t want to be left at the whims of the mistakes that other people have made."
 Ves already laid out a vision for his small but promising personal force. He’d put Captain Silvestra in charge of the ships and Melkor in charge of the mechs. With the two of them working together, Ves had a lot of faith they’d be able to whip a crew into shape.
 "This is really big, Ves. I have to think about it. I never considered going down this route after I left the Mech Corps."
 "Look, Melkor, I know you’re reluctant right now, but think about my success so far. This is only my second year of operation. What heights do you think I’ll be able to reach ten years from now? What about twenty years?"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Even Ves hardly dared to dream so big. By the time the next generation came into being, he’d almost certainly be a Journeyman Mech Designer.
 The mech industry widely considered this stage as the first, formal start of a mech designer’s career. Novices and Apprentices were still considered underage. The chances of someone getting stalled in these stages were extremely high.
 Only those who reached the enviable height of Journeyman would finally be treated with consideration on par with an expert mech pilot.
 This put Melkor to thought. Even if he didn’t hold much hopes to advancing to expert mech pilot himself, working for a Journeyman would open up a lot of doors for him. Perhaps he’d even be able to borrow Ves’ influence to help him in his breakthroughs.
 Unlike Captain Silvestra, Melkor needed no further consideration. "I’ll do it. You can count me in."
 In the Age of Mechs, wealth meant nothing on its own. The ability to leverage your wealth mattered more, because anyone could take it away by force.
 Many affluent people either formed their own fighting forces, or they joined an organization which already did. True safety lay in the power of the mech and the gun.
 Troublemakers sought out easy targets. Those with an abundance of wealth but not enough guards often parted with their assets rather quickly.
 Ves had a number of groups to rely on. First, as the founder and CEO of the Living Mech Corporation, Ves enjoyed a significant amount of protection from Sanyal-Ablin Security Services.
 Their contract primarily tasked them with escorting Ves as he travelled within secure Republican space. They also guarded the LMC’s fixed assets such as the old workshop and the newer manufacturing complex under construction.
 While Ves had an amiable relationship with Sanyal-Ablin, he never trusted them quite completely.
 "Even if SASS is a security company known for their neutrality, they’re still a subsidiary of the Konsu Clan of the Coalition."
 If Ves ever fell out with the Konsu Clan, then the consequences for the LMC would be dire. It would be better for Ves to fold the company entirely.
 SASS also worked primarily for the company and not to Ves as a person. While he could still ask for their assistance in company-related matters, they wouldn’t oblige him if he wanted to go on a personal errand. Security companies firmly drew a line between security activities and mercenary activities.
 The only way to bolster his personal power was to raise his own force, which declared their loyalty to him and him alone.
 While he could also employ a mercenary corps, he’d never be able to insure their loyalties. It was the easy way out. Hiring a reputable mercenary corps saved him a lot of trouble, but the expenses added up the longer the contract lasted.
 Their main use was to fill a hole in your lineup and to take care of some short and medium-term tasks. Anyone who relied on mercenary corps as their primary line of defense was woefully naive.
 Many people these days dreamt of piloting mechs. If they lacked the required neural aptitude, then they dreamt of being able to own or command a group of mechs.
 Right now, he had the will, funds and talent necessary to make this dream into a reality. With Melkor and Captain Silvestra at the helm of his mechs and ships respectively, Ves hoped to establish a small but capable personal force within the next six months.
 "We’re already in an unofficial state of war. With everything the Mech Legion is capable of, it’s never too soon to raise my own force."
 Ordinarily, he’d have to file for a lot of permits and licenses to do so. This might hinder ordinary people, but with his current status, Ves did not expect the government to put up any significant roadblocks.
 This was also the time where his favored status with the government made itself useful. This status allowed him to skip a lot of red tape and expedite the registration process of his own force. He easily filled in a couple of forms on the galactic to get the ball rolling.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 He only stopped when the form asked for a name.
 "It’s gotta be something cool or professional."
 Those who wanted to cultivate a lot of contacts and wished to enter the nexus of power went for professional names that incorporated words like Guardians, Knights or Defense Force.
 Ves found those names to be bland and uninspiring. As a younger mech designer in the prime of his life, he could be forgiving if he used a more daring name for his personal force of mechs.
 "It’s not like I want to hobnob with all the politicians and business magnates. I’m not cut out for social influencing."
 If he wanted to gain someone’s favor, he’d send someone else make connections on his behalf. What Ves should be focusing on was designing mechs or doing stuff that improved his ability to design mechs. Anything else formed a distraction to him on his ambition to reach the pinnacle of mech design.
 "A mech designer’s personal force reflects his ideals on how his mechs should be used. It serves as an example to be admired and emulated by my customers."
 As such, the name should incorporate an aspirational aspect. Much like how ancient humans invented mythical characters such as Heracles or and let themselves be inspired by them, so did Ves had to come up with his own myth.
 "This sounds kind of familiar."
 He already possessed a fair amount of experience with coming up with myths to blow some life into his images. The X-Factor drew its strength from the imaginary realm, so Ves always came up with vivid ideas to empower his mechs.
 "Forming my own force is similar to designing a mech. It starts with a vision. The name will fall into place once I have a solid idea on what my force should be doing."
 He wanted his own personal force of mechs and ships in order to enable him to form his own expeditions. He had to admit he had taken a liking for adventure. As long as the rewards sounded attractive enough, he was not afraid of taking risks.
 Through his adventures, he also wanted to see his designs at work. His personal force should employ as much of his designs as possible. He wanted his mech pilots to showcase the potential of his mechs under the most difficult circumstances.
 After all, much of the current momentum for the sales of his Blackbeak came from the model’s excellent performance on the Glowing Planet.
 "Even with all of the hype and marketing, real examples remain the best driver for sales."
 He didn’t want to spend too much time on forming a name. He picked his mind for possibilities and settled for one that sounded the coolest without going too far on the tacky side.
 Ves chose to go for a name that reflected his design philosophy. He already did so for the LMC, and as his force would ideally be composed around his company’s models, the two should definitely share a common bond.
 He decided upon a name. "The Avatars of Myth."
 The name referred to his aspiration that his mech pilots could connect with the images attached to their mechs and commune with each other. In the most ideal case, his mech pilots became embodiments of myths and heroes that previously only existed within his mind.
 "Thus, they are never fighting alone in their mechs."
 After he entered the extravagant-sounding name, Ves quickly finished the rest of the forms. Now the government had to go over his application and provide the necessary permits. The next step happened after that.
 "For now, I need to go back to business."
 The Barracuda flew ahead of the main fleet. With her tiny cargo space, she carried no cargo at all other than the Stanislaw. This posed no risks to the ship, so Ves ordered Captain Silvestra to deliver him to Bentheim as fast as possible.
 Once the ship touched down on the planet, Ves took an armored shuttle from SASS to Marcella’s office.
 While the LMC opened up a branch on Bentheim, Ves knew no one who worked at that office, so he would rather consult a familiar friend.
 Once the shuttle and its escorts arrived in front of the office, Ves entered the front doors, upon which a receptionist directed him directly to the elevator.
 "Took you long enough to come back home." Marcella remarked as she swiveled her chair from the impressive view out the window. "A lot has happened while you were gone."
 Ves nodded lightly as he took a seat across her desk. "I’ve heard."
 "I suppose you want to talk about Vaun Industrial."
 The mere mention of that name soured his mood. "Did you agree to extending a licensing contract to Vaun?"
 "I did, after some persuasion." Marcella admitted as she took on a slightly regretful expression. "You have to know it makes a lot of business sense to supplement your company’s inadequate production capacity. There is no shame in admitting that the LMC is in the early stages of its growth. Every mech manufacturer that rose up to become behemoths have started small as well."
 Ves thought that Marcella understood his vision, but he was wrong. He closed his eyes and shook his head. "My designs are not commodities to be copied blindly. What do the reviews say about Vaun’s products?"
 "They’re mechanically sound. They are quite a hit in the Ylvain Protectorate, you know."
 "That’s what you think, but in my eyes they are defective. They are missing a crucial ingredient that is characteristic in my products, and that is the human touch."
 "Ves, craftsmanship is overrated. This is the Age of Mechs. The time where we need to commission a weapon from a blacksmith and expect a work of art is long past. I know that you want to do things in your own way, but if you want to be a successful businessman then you need to make some compromises."
 "I don’t believe that." Ves replied. "There is a definite demand for quality mechs, and no, I don’t consider anything that comes out of Vaun Industrial to be of high quality. Many other mech manufacturers already pursue efficiency and standardization above all. My company doesn’t have to follow suit."
 As they argued back and forth, it became evident that Marcella would never see eye-to-eye with Ves. She always treated mechs as commodities. She merely pretended to appreciate them in order to woo her customers.
 "Mechs are products in our line of business." She said with a tone of finality. "Your job isn’t to change the galaxy or upend the entire mech industry. Your job is to serve the mech pilots that fight on our behalf."
 "My ideals don’t conflict with that demand."
 "Well, you sure don’t act like it. Just face it that you need Vaun’s help to tide the LMC over. You can always reinvest the fees you’ve received from Vaun to expand your own production capacity."
 "That’s already in the roadmap. It’s not as if I can spend my profits elsewhere at this time. I don’t think I will need to divert a lot of money to design my next mech."
 Marcella’s eyes shone. "So are you finally ready to design your next mech?"
 "I am. I’ve seen a lot of things on the Glowing Planet. I’ve got a number of designs in mind. Right now, I’m thinking about designing a rifleman mech."
 "That’s great news!" The mech broker enthusiastically supported the idea. "Although they’re not easy to design, rifleman mechs occupy the largest share of the mech market. It’s about time you take a slice of that pie."
 In truth, Ves did not choose to design a rifleman mech because he wanted to increase his sales. The LMC already had their hands full with the Blackbeak and it would take months for demand to peak and decline. Unless the LMC quickly added new production lines, their production capacity remained at full capacity for the foreseeable time.
 Instead, Ves wanted to design a mech for Melkor. If his cousin were to lead the Avatars of Myth, then he needed to pilot a mech worthy of his future stature.
 The Stanislaw supplied by the Larkinson Estate was more of a workhorse mech than something that evoked prestige. It made for a fairly poor symbol and impressed nobody if they glanced at it. Rifleman mechs like these were a dime in a dozen.
 "Since I’m planning to design a rifleman mech, what can you tell me about the type, and what does the market want?"
 Even though he formed a vague idea of his next design, it didn’t hurt to hear from an expert in the business.
 "Ah, rifleman mechs. I can tell you a lot about them." Marcella smiled as she leaned back on her comfortable chair. "Ranged mechs form the dominant types of mechs in this day and age. Do you know why that is so?"
 "The advantages and tactical flexibility afforded by these weapons are too convenient. If not for the proliferation of heavily armored mechs that could close the gap and take them out up close, every mech would be a rifleman or a cannoneer."
 Despite this caveat, rifleman mechs formed the core of today’s mech doctrine. The rifleman mechs among a unit of mechs dictated their actions.
 "Rifleman mechs work best at medium range. Since they explicitly wield external rifles, they have the flexibility to drop their weapons and take up a backup knife, although it’s highly inadvisable for them to do so. It’s best they take our their opponents before they close in. And unless they are built to snipe, they aren’t able to take out distant opponents."
 At that range, it would be easy for the target to hide behind cover or dodge incoming shots. Ves tapped the desk with his fingers as he summed up his thoughts.
 "Rifleman mechs can be divided into two general categories. You have the run-and-gunners that are meant to fight and shoot on the move, and you have the marksman types that fire their weapons behind cover."
 "A fair amount of people in the mech industry believe that’s a false dichotomy. Rifleman mechs are vulnerable up close, so the best and most reliable way to fend off any melee mechs is if you can run and remain out of reach of any approaching mechs. Also, it is not as if these high-mobility mechs can remain stationary and use any existing cover to their advantage."
 "I don’t believe a mech can excel at both, and neither do I believe that a slow and sluggish rifleman mech is automatically a bad design."
 He once designed the 2-star Old Soul rifleman virtual mech, which became a cult classic among the local gaming community. The Old Soul’s rifle only possessed enough heat capacity to unleash a couple of shots, but all of them landed with a lot of power. Combined with its moderate stealth features, it functioned well in its niche as an ambush predator.
 Still, the Old Soul never caught on outside of Cloudy Curtain due to its extreme design choices.
 The way Ves intended the mech to be used diverged too wildly from what everyone else thought rifleman mechs should be capable of. Even though Ves had developed a love for this type of mech, it did not fit with what Melkor and the market demanded.
 He could only give up on developing a real and modern version of the Old Soul.
 Marcella collected some reports from her terminal and transferred them to his comm. "Read these when you have the time. They contain all of the recent sales charts and market trends for rifleman mechs. Right now, ballistic rifleman mechs are surging in sales."
 The second way to distinguish rifleman mechs was to look at their weapon types. In the Bright Republic, rifleman mechs either wielded lasers or ballistic rifles. Both of them took an equal share of the market.
 Some rifleman mechs possessed optimizations to wield either types without penalty. However, this typically resulted in slightly lower overall performance while costing drastically more, so most of the times, only elite mechs might come with this feature.
 "That’s odd." Ves rubbed his chin. "The next generation of mechs will be the golden age of lasers. Won’t these outfits be better served if they can hire and train their laser specialists?"
 "These forces don’t have the luxury to dream about their future. They have to secure their present first. Right now, mechs that incorporate laser-resistant armor plating are selling like hot cakes. Your Blackbeak is among their number. Can you tell me why you chose to go for the Veltrex armor system?"
 "That’s because I’m trying to future proof my design. The Blackbeak won’t be too much out of date once the new generation of mechs arrive."
 Marcella pointed a finger at him. "Well, you’re not the only mech designer who thinks so. Every recent design is future-proofed against laser that it’s quite a challenge to find a new design that’s geared against withstanding kinetic and explosive damage."
 Now he understood her point. "I see now. There’s such a slant on laser-resistant mechs that ballistic rifleman mechs must be having their greatest time."
 "If you aren’t concerned with designing a mech for long-term viability, it’s a good idea to design a mech that specializes in ballistic rifles."
 Ves firmly shook his head. "I can’t do that for the moment. One of the reasons why I’m designing a rifleman mech is because I want to design the perfect machine for one of my relatives. He pilots a laser rifleman mech."
 "I see. So you are doing it for another Larkinson."
 "I do have a friend who’s a decent shot with a ballistic rifle, but he pilots aerial mechs, and that’s not something I’ve got a lot of confidence in designing at this moment."
 Dietrich’s Harrier was in bad shape, and while it could be repaired, it would never return to its prime. Ves would be more than happy to gift him with a mech of his own design, but the technical challenges of tackling this advanced scared him off.
 Even though one of his earliest virtual designs also consisted of a ballistic rifle-wielding aerial mech, the Seraphim was based on a four-hundred year old primitive Fantasia 2R design.
 Aerial Mechs had come a long way since then. The vastly increased complexity of a currentgen aerial mech was not something that a dabbler of the arts could dip their toes in. Ves first had to learn to crawl before he could learn to walk.
 "Maybe it’s easier if you laid out your vision. What kind of rifleman mech are you aiming to design?"
 What kind, indeed. "I admit I don’t have a solid vision as of yet. I’m still figuring things out. For now, I’ve only set a couple of parameters. It’s going to be landbound, so no fancy flight systems with all the complexity associated with it. It also has be mediumweight but it should be fairly fast and agile. Finally, it should come with compressed armor."
 That final portion raised Marcella’s interest. "That’s going to be fairly controversial, depending on your price point. If you are aiming for the same price tag as your Blackbeak models, then it’s only barely acceptable."
 "I know. It’s not quite cost effective to clad ranged mechs with expensive armor when they hardly form a hindrance due to their lack of thickness. Still, even a thin layer adds a lot to a rifleman mech’s survivability. I think the tradeoff is worth it even if the dominant market trend advises against such a design choice."
 "So long as you are aware." She said. Marcella didn’t seem very eager to argue the point even if she knew it didn’t entirely make sense in the current market. "Just be aware that the private market is used to spending up to 40 million credits for a premium rifleman mech at most. You can’t charge the same exorbitant prices you charge for your knight models because your buyers already know it costs a lot to add all of that armor."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "I’m not looking to design a mech that conforms to the market. This is a mech that I want my relative to excel in. As long as I succeed and design a good enough rifleman mech, I believe the market will be able to swallow a base price of 50 or 60 million credits."
 "Good luck with that."
 Ves sounded fairly ambitious when he made that boast, but he fully believed he was capable of reaching such a height. He possessed an abundant amount of Skills and saved up an enormous amount of DP to spend on additional Skills and Masteries.
 He particularly looked forward to the latter.
 Their discussion lasted for another half hour before he had to go. As Ves stood up and walked back to the elevator, he turned around and left some final parting words.
 "About the decision to extend a licensing contract to Vaun, I’ll forgive your complicity this once. Don’t let me hear you lead the LMC astray again. As a shareholder, I know you are only acting on behalf of your own interests, but don’t forget who owns the majority."
 Ves turned away and disappeared in the elevator, leaving Marcella slightly perplexed.
 Previously, if Ves spoke at her with that tone, she’d dismiss it out of hand. In her eyes, he was a kid after all. It was impossible to feel threatened by a toddler.
 This time, Ves had changed.
 It took a lot of guts to put a former mech pilot and war veteran like Marcella on guard. Ves somehow managed to make her pressured, if only slightly.
 She grinned long after Ves had left her office. "Looks like the kid is growing up."
 Ves had little else to do once he left Marcella’s brokerage. He figured he could pay a visit at the LMC’s branch office, but he had no involvement with what went on there. He remembered from his talks with Jake that the branch office primarily dealt with marketing and after-sales support.
 "That’s not something I can stick my head in at this time."
 He returned to the Barracuda and proceeded to set course for Cloudy Curtain.
 At this time, the grand return of the mass expedition to the Glowing Planet had riled up the entire Komodo Star Sector. The incredible harvest made a lot of other states jealous, especially the territories that the Glowing Planet had previously drifted past.
 Many states were green with envy at the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom to occupy a majority of the early harvest of the Glowing Planet.
 Prices of a number of exotics had already dropped a fair amount. Meanwhile, a large number of newly enriched outfits started placing mass orders for new mechs to replace their losses and bolster their numbers to reflect their newfound wealth.
 This newfound surge came just in time for mech manufacturers who feared that the previous spike of sales had already run its course. This new and explosive surge in demand shifted Bentheim’s mech industry into a newfound renaissance.
 "Everyone is going crazy right now." Ves said to the egg that held Lucky. He stroked its solid bone-like surface with care. "How long are you going to take to level up? It’s already more than a week."
 Hopefully, Lucky wouldn’t take months to finish his evolution. He needed his pet to stand guard when he finally used up his Transcendence Pill. Even though it was a little premature, Ves looked forward to increasing one of his mental attributes past 2.0.
 Despite the excitement in the Bentheim System, the Barracuda effortlessly transitioned into FTL at one of Bentheim’s Lagrange points. A brief journey later brought the corvette at the edge of his home.
 A short time later, the Barracuda finally touched down at Cloudy Curtain’s spaceport. Once he entered the armored shuttle, Ves ordered it to bring him to the upcoming manufacturing complex.
 Once the shuttle and its escorts flew halfway around the rural planet, they eventually reached an expansive construction site.
 A massive site had been cleared in the middle of a lightly forested plain. Picture-esque mountains surrounded the site in the distance, providing the location with an ample amount of peace and harmony underneath the planet’s everpresent cloud cover.
 Dozens of contractors from Bentheim worked together with the security and construction specialists of SASS to erect a majestic set of offices and fortifications aboveground. Naturally, bots of various shapes and sizes did all the heavy lifting.
 This was merely the tip of the iceberg. Ves knew that a lot more bots and people excavated and reinforced the chambers dug underneath the soil. All of the actual production happened several kilometers below ground, more than enough to shield the vulnerable production equipment against incidental raids and bombardment.
 "Still, it won’t do any good if a giant tunneling machine like the Gregarious Wrath decides to knock on my doors."
 There was a limit to everything. Ves believed that a tunneling machine the size of a capital ship should be rather unique. The Vesians wouldn’t bother to deploy an equivalent war machine to mess up his production facilities.
 Not with Bentheim next door.
 To think that he came so far. The expansive works covering a massive area in the middle of nowhere took away his breath. The great undertaking before him finally solidified the LMC’s ascension from a small-time player into a serious medium-sized mech manufacturer.
 "Even with billions of credits sloshing around in my bank accounts, it’s only a bunch of numbers." Ves remarked to Melkor who accompanied him and acted as a guard. "Only by spending them can we make something of ourselves."
 If Ves had been taken aback, then Melkor was practically speechless. It was as if he couldn’t believe his cousin earned more money than the Larkinson Estate made in a decade.
 Melkor couldn’t be blamed. He spent a lot of time keeping an eye on his charge, and all he saw of Ves was holing up in his office all the time and coming up with a magical new design after a few months.
 A design that became so successful that fueled an expansive manufacturing complex on a sleepy rural planet.
 "How much does this all cost?" The mech pilot asked.
 "Well, the plan started at half a billion credits, but this looks a lot more elaborate than that."
 This must be another decision the board made in his absence. The changes hadn’t affected the aboveground portion of the complex too much. It mainly featured more robust turrets and a few more beautifully designed office buildings. Construction bots also worked on planting an elegant courtyard in the center of the complex leading up to the entrance of the headquarters building.
 They stepped on a floater platform and slowly hovered over the dirt and incomplete paths before they arrived at the headquarters building.
 Ves looked up at the thirty-story tall building. The building had been completed early on, and looked empty but clean from the outside. The structure looked decorative, but hid a lot defences underneath its wide-windowed and white-walled facade.
 When Ves commissioned the original plans to build a manufacturing complex, he wanted the architects to design a headquarters that reflected the company’s values. It had look in a way that inspired his employees to value mechs and treat them like assets at the very least.
 The architects clearly succeeded. As he passed through the tall double doors that loomed like gates, he entered an expansive atrium lighted from above. The colorful screens on the roof filtered the gloomy grey clouds in a subtle gradation of lights.
 Shortly after they entered, an older man arrived at the entrance. Jake Altern had finally tracked him down.
 "Ves! You’ve returned!"
 Ves walked back and met with Jake. "It takes more than a freaky planet to kill me."
 "I heard you fought directly against the Vesians!"
 "Hah, don’t worry, Melkor took care of them in my stead. I had some close shaves, but we made it out okay."
 They made some small talk as they exited the empty HQ. Jake showed genuine concern about his safety, and admonished him not to go harrying off anytime soon.
 "The relations between the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom has hit rock-bottom. The Battle of the Two Fleets caused both sides to suffer a significant amount of casualties. Both are eager to avenge their losses. A declaration of war is imminent."
 "I know. I was in that very battle, though only in the outskirts."
 He personally experienced the depth to which the two sides hated each other. The bad blood between the two states would never end until one side wiped out the other side.
 After Ves assured Jake of his safety, the conversation took an unpleasant turn. Jake noted that Ves was still bottling up his resentment, so he took the initiative to come clean.
 "Look Ves, about the licensing contract to Vaun, everyone from the Larkinson Estate was in favor of this move. Your grandfather had actually been the driving force of this decision. The Larkinsons are in need of money."
 There was much for Ves to criticize. First, did his grandfather really demand this initiative, or had the old fogies from the steering committee pushed him to support this move? Second, why would the Larkinson Estate be lacking money? They’d gone by since the founding of the Republic without any hiccups.
 Still, despite his many questions, Ves felt no need to hash it out with Jake. "I admit I’m very discontented about this partnership with Vaun. I made it very clear that Vaun is not a fit for the LMC. Their manufacturing methods are a disservice to a design like the Blackbeak."
 Jake didn’t understand what Ves was saying. To a businessman and administrator like him, all mechs were tools to be used and discarded at a whim.
 "Ves, can you at least admit that the contract with Vaun has provided us with immediate short-term benefits? The licensing fees they are paying will easily be able to pay for the expansions the LMC desperately needs. We will be able to add two new production lines by the end of the fiscal year!"
 Ves really couldn’t stand to hear any further rationalizations. "You still crossed the line! This is my company, and my say matters the most. I can understand how much it hurts to miss all of those potential profits due to a lack of capacity, but you should have at least found another manufacturer that is similar to EME. Instead, the entire board and you treated my opinions with contempt and went ahead with Vaun anyway!"
 He rarely got angry, but when he did, everyone took notice. Jake halted in his tracks but refused to admit any fault. "Disagree with me if you will, but I stand by our decision. In your sudden absence, the LMC still needs direction. Every member of the board agrees it makes a lot of sense to go to bed with a professional and capable mech manufacturer. The results speak for themselves. We are richer than ever before!"
 "That’s the only reason why I haven’t fired you!"
 "Maybe you should!"
 After some time, Ves calmed down. He didn’t want to harp on this issue because the milk had already been spilled. Instead of continuing to ruin his relationship with his Chief Operating Officer, he’d rather move on and adjust the course of the LMC from this point onwards.
 "Jake, you’re a good administrator, but you’re not irreplaceable. I asked the Larkinson Estate to send some capable people, and I can do it again if needed. Your only value in my eyes is to act as a caretaker of the business side of the LMC. It is not your job to come up with your own initiatives and act outside your boundaries."
 "Understood." The man replied with resignation. Jake appeared man enough to shoulder the responsibility of his decision. "I suggest you remain within reach if you don’t want something like this to happen again. It’s easy to act like you’re the boss, but decisions still have to be made even when you’re absent."
 "I’m not so sure I can follow your suggestion. When war breaks out, everything will change."
 Both of them fell silent at the grim possibility. Even Melkor took notice. He’d been leaning to the side and stayed as inconspicuous as possible. All of the business talk hardly roused his interests.
 The war was a different matter, however.
 They smelled the gunpowder in the air. The first shots had already been fired. Now, they awaited the formal declaration of war which should be very imminent now. Once the Bright Republic entered war footing, many things would change.
 "Can brief me on the changes the company will go through once the Republic is at war?"
 Jake filled him in on the drastic changes the LMC would go through. "First and foremost, our ability to import materials will be somewhat curtailed. It’s good that we are only producing a single model. Our resource needs aren’t that elaborate or extensive, and we can source most of them from domestic suppliers. Prices will rise and quotas may be imposed, but other than that we can still do business."
 "What about our sales? I’ve heard that the Republic will impose a lot of restrictions in this area."
 "That’s true." Jake nodded as they stepped on a lifter platform that brought them to a massive reinforced gate that led underground. "Depending on the level of war mobilization, we’ll be obliged to follow every instruction sent government. Failure to comply comes with severe penalties. They can even confiscate our assets if we flout their authority."
 That sounded very serious to Ves. The last thing he wanted was for the government to take away his life’s work. "How often does that happen?"
 "More often than you think, but it’s always the smaller players who fall victim to this scheme. The ministry in charge of supervising mech manufacturers analyze their capabilities and issue work orders such as manufacturing a certain amount of replacement parts of a vital mech design from the Mech Corps."
 "Do we get paid for it?"
 "Just enough to cover our costs plus depreciation. It’s not a profitable venture, but at least we won’t be bankrupting ourselves. The only problem is that inflation and resource shortages can run out of control if the war swings against our favor."
 Something like this had happened a few times throughout the Bright Republic’s history. A lot of previously stable mech manufacturers went bankrupt once their business climate turned sour.
 "What about conscription?"
 "We don’t expect too much of our employees to be conscripted. The Bright Republic doesn’t care about the ordinary mech technicians either, but they’ll definitely consider snapping up a talented mech designer."
 "I’m aware of that. I hope the LMC can continue to operate in line with my interests once I’m gone. I don’t want a repeat of what happened before."
 "I can’t make any promises on that, Ves. You should talk to your grandfather to set some ground rules."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Ves shook his head. "Let’s not retread this conversation."
 "Agreed."
 "Back to the topic at hand, if war erupts, what kind of limits will we face for our sales?"
 "We can still sell our mechs to private parties, but they have to be vouched by the government before we can deliver our mechs. If the customer in question is a loyal citizen of the Republic, then they won’t face too many restrictions. Even gangs aren’t exempt from this as long as they pledge to defend their territory against the Vesians."
 Even though the Bright Republic maintained a love-hate relationship with the gangs that plagued their planets, they still recognized their use as an auxiliary force against the greater threat.
 Different from the Republic, the Vesians ruled their territory with an iron fist. While this has led to a significant amount of economic stagnation, it also ensured that gangs had no chance of rooting themselves in the underworld of the Kingdom.
 Some people argue that the nobles secretly fill in the void left by the gangs. In essence, the nobility simultaneously occupied the light and grey areas of Vesian society.
 In any case, the gangs knew that the Vesians would wipe them out in time once they took control over a planet. This forced the gangs to flee or fight. Most chose the latter due to various reasons, chief among them was that they’d be exiled from the Republic if they shirked their moral duty.
 "So how will this affect our earnings?" Ves asked.
 "It can be volatile. On one hand, the mercenary corps that agreed to work for the Republic receive allowances in case they lose their mechs. Depending on their performance, they’ll be shopping around a lot. On the other hand, not every mercenary corps is eager to perform errands in hostile territory. These cowards will try to flee the Republic in substantial numbers."
 "So there’s going to be fewer customers?"
 "Correct, and those who remain will spend a little more."
 Overall, that sounded like a net loss to the LMC. Even if the mercenary corps decided to stay and fight the good fight, they’ll only get the equivalent of pocket money from the government.
 That would be good enough to buy a couple of cheap frontline mechs, but it would take a lot more remuneration to buy an expensive Blackbeak.
 "Which market segment will be the most active one, then?"
 "If you’re able to design a sub-20 million credit mech, then you’re well-placed to take advantage of the surge in sales in this segment."
 Unfortunately, Ves did not have the time. He first had to design his premium rifleman mech before he considered anything else. Arming Melkor with a quality mech was more important to him than trying to earn an extra buck from mercenaries that had fallen out of luck.
 Ves continued to pick Jake’s brain as they entered through the gates and boarded an elevator. The device slowly brought Ves, Jake and Melkor and some guards down into the depths of the tunnel that the construction companies dug out only a couple of months ago.
 "What about the Mech Corps?" Ves asked. "Occasionally, they license designs from external mech designers. They don’t completely rely on models their research and development teams came up on their own."
 "That’s a complicated matter. Only exceptional designs fall under their consideration. As much as your Blackbeak has impressed the market, it is still a design that’s below their consideration."
 As much as Ves believed in his own design, he had to admit that his work paled in comparison to those designed by an entire team of professionals. A Senior Mech Designer helmed each design team under the employ of the Mech Corps.
 Such a high number of capable mech designers would always be able to surpass the work of a single Apprentice Mech Designer.
 He sighed. "I shouldn’t get my hopes up then."
 Ves was not so full of himself that he believed he could surpass the collective efforts of these all-star teams. Every member of a core design team boasted impressive track records. They made Michael Dumont look like the school dunce.
 They mostly consisted of older mech designers as well. It was generally believed you had to be in your late thirties to be an asset to the team. This meant that the backbone almost always consisted of established Journeyman Mech Designers, each of whom possessed their own unique talents.
 The elevator descended fairly quickly. Several kilometers passed by in a single minute, but the inertial dampeners built into the elevator ensured a smooth ride for every passenger.
 It stopped once it reached the first underground floor. As they exited it, Ves beheld a huge but largely hollow corridor. Several huge alloy hatches led to other hollow chambers.
 "This is the warehouse floor where the manufacturing complex will store the majority of their goods. It’s placed in the upper-most floor to facilitate the movement of raw materials and end products."
 Ves nodded at that. Some believed that the goods should be stored in the lowest floor, but Ves thought this made more sense. It would take a lot of hassle to ship the goods several more kilometers underground.
 Once they looked around the empty chambers for a while, Jake led Ves to the floors underneath. Each single floor had been separated by many stretches of soil in order to isolate each of them in case of an enemy breach. While this added to the cost, the extra safety was worth the added effort.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "I don’t remember any of this in the original plan. How much extra will it cost to setup a secure underground complex?"
 "The total cost has increased from 500 million credits to 1.5 billion credits. The extra money is mostly spent on extra space and strengthening the tunnels. Not everyone in the board agreed to the price increase, but your grandfather is adamant about turning your little fief into castle."
 Again, his grandfather played a crucial role in enacting a change within his company. At least this time Ves agreed with the decision. The company sat on a growing pile of cash. They might as well invest some of it on their manufacturing complex, which would serve as their crown jewel and the seat of the LMC.
 Ves reminded himself that he needed to have a good talk with his grandfather anyway.
 Over the next couple of hours, Jake led him down the elevator and showed him the other underground floors that needed to be filled up with furnishings and equipment.
 The floor underneath the warehouse housed the underground offices. Backup systems ensured that almost any data stored in the offices above would be copied down below. In the event the structures above the ground got bombed, the survivors could still pick up their work in the underground offices.
 "This floor can easily accommodate thousands of office workers." Jake boasted. "For now, we won’t be able to fill this office up to capacity if we’re chased underground, but hopefully it will be a different story a couple of decades later."
 The office floor did not contain anything of interest to Ves, so they moved to the next and most important floor.
 "This is where the bulk of our manufacturing will take place. The halls are extra wide and deep, and each production line will be segregated in their own halls to prevent any unforeseen accidents from spilling over."
 Ves looked at the empty halls and its alloy-plated walls. "All of that cladding doesn’t look cheap."
 "It isn’t, but it’s necessary to safeguard the production lines and prevent any vibrations and signals from propagating into the other halls. They’re well worth their cost."
 "I love the abundant amount of space. A single hall alone takes up more space than double my old workshop."
 This would massively ease the fabrication process and ensure that materials could be delivered promptly without bumping into each other.
 A special jumbo-sized cargo elevator directly connected the manufacturing floor with the warehouse floor above. It was large enough to transport two heavy mechs side by side.
 "The cargo elevator is stable and robust, but its speed leaves something to be desired." Jake said sheepishly.
 "That’s okay. Instead of making lots of smaller trips, we’ll just have to make do with a couple of larger hauls."
 Once Ves had his fill of the manufacturing floor, they moved downwards yet again. This time they arrived at what Ves had intended to be his private holy land.
 "I’m sure you don’t need a description of this floor. It’s much smaller than the floors above because only a handful of people will ever make use of the facilities here."
 They arrived at the lab and workshop floor. This would be the place where Ves produced his future designs. Even though he didn’t necessarily need a lot of space and toys to form a new design, it always helped to have more tools at hand. He shouldn’t rely completely on the Mech Designer System to do his design work.
 Ves planned to fill half of the rooms with some basic lab and workshop equipment. This alone would cost at least 100 million credits, but both the LMC and Ves wouldn’t lose any sleep on such a trivial amount of spending.
 The costs only ramped up hard when Ves filled up the other half of the space. Ves had composed a very extravagant shopping list that would cost several billions credits to obtain. This was because the best equipment could only be imported from the Firday Coalition.
 Even though the lab and workshop floor took the least amount of space, it featured some of the highest level of defenses. Only the final floor below featured even more extensive security features.
 "Let’s stop by the last floor before we go."
 They had to enter a special, highly secure elevator to go down to the last floor. A massive alloy gate stood before their sights.
 "This is the vault. As you can see, the front vault gates alone can withstand a typical mech squad for an entire day. The sheer amount of alloys incorporated in the construction makes it fairly troublesome to open it. Right now, many of the locks and security systems are not yet in place, so I won’t be able to show you how it looks inside."
 "That’s a shame, but I’ve seen enough." Ves nodded. "Let’s return to the old workshop. I have work to do."
 Ves planned to utilize the vault to store anything of value that would have been stolen if he placed it on the warehouse floor. For now, he mainly planned to store any high-grade exotics and rare mechs that fell into his possession.
 More than an hour later, Ves left the construction site and flew back to the outskirts of Freslin. Compared to the massive undertaking in the forest, his older workshop resembled a doll house. The two couldn’t be more different.
 Even if Ves was about to retire his old workshop, he would always remember it fondly. He started his business here, and produced his first mechs from these modest halls.
 Change was inevitable. Ves and the LMC had to adjust with the times. A modest workshop couldn’t keep up with the pace of their growth.
 Once Ves arrived at his office, Gavin awaited him in front of the door. He flexed his feet up and down as he seemed anxious for some reason. The moment Ves came into view, he smiled like a glittering sun.
 "Ves! I’ve been waiting for you for months! Do you know how agonizing it is to be without you?!"
 "Haha, you don’t need to be so happy. I don’t swing that way."
 The mood suddenly turned a little awkward. "Ahem, the reason why I’m here is because public is interested in you."
 "Let’s talk about it in my office." Ves said, and turned around to dismiss Melkor and the guards. "Come on in and take a seat."
 Once they took their places, Gavin began to babble about the public’s interest in Ves. "You’re growing into a household name in Bentheim. Even the other major planets in the Republic such as Rittersberg has started to take note of you! You can’t imagine how many news portals and publications have knocked on our doors with a request for an interview. You already missed the hottest period!"
 Ves regretted missing out on these prime opportunities. Several prestigious publications at the level of the Rimward Star Herald had approached the LMC for an interview or profile piece when the sales of the Blackbeak started to explode.
 These opportunities disappeared after the publications found out that Ves took part in the Republic’s expedition to the Glowing Planet. It was as if they expected that Ves would perish on the hostile, wartorn planet.
 "Can we approach them for another chance?"
 "That’s not something we can do. They’ll ignore us if we approach them on our own initiative. They can be petty like that, and some of the hype has died down by now."
 Gavin offered him a list of publications that still showed some interest in him and his company. Most of them consisted of regional and planetary publications.
 "I don’t see any major names on this list."
 Ves sounded disappointed.
 "Even if they don’t have a wide reach, it’s still very useful to engage with the publications that are highly circulated in our target segments. For example, the Bright Republic edition of Mercenary Central is the premier news magazine for mercenaries. Many mercenary commanders avidly read their weekly issue or catch their daily broadcast."
 Even Ves had heard a lot about the mercenary publication. "Mercenary Central is a fine choice. Let’s add for consideration."
 After that, Gavin suggested a couple of other publications. Ves rejected most of them because he didn’t believe they would benefit his profile or boost his sales.
 "Mech Mothers is one of the more widely circulated news portals in the Republic. It’s widely aimed at the parents of mech pilots, and exert a significant influence on the mechs they pilot."
 "No. I’m not going to engage with a bunch of parents, even if it’s one of the most popular publications."
 "Ah here, what about Junior-"
 "No."
 After rejecting a bunch of tangibly related publications, Gavin finally gave up. Besides an interview with Mercenary Central, Ves rejected every other option.
 "Gavin, I don’t have the time to grandstand in front of the public. A couple of interviews are enough to put my name in the public sphere. A mech designer should let his designs do most of the talking. My Blackbeak is doing excellently in that regard."
 His publicist and assistant sighed in defeat. "Very well, boss. I’ll take that under advisement. Do I have permission to allow your officers to be interviewed about the company? Many publications are happy if they can get a hold of your chief operating officer or chief financial officer. These are mostly the dry and boring ones that focus on business, of course."
 "That should be okay as long as they keep their mouth shut on certain topics."
 "That’s great! You can send me a list of the things you don’t want them to say, and I’ll pass that on to Mr. Altern and Mrs. Mackarie."
 Ves fobbed off most of the interviews because he only had a limited amount of time to design his rifleman mech. He wanted to devote his full attention to completing it in three months.
 "I don’t even know if I have that much time. The war will break out very soon."
 The war came sooner than Ves had thought.
 The Vesia Kingdom formally declared war against the Bright Republic, and followed suit by making an offensive thrust at Halcyon Point.
 "That’s where Uncle Ark is stationed!"
 One of the most illustrious Larkinsons in active duty, Colonel Ark Larkinson was one of the family’s rare and precious expert pilots. Although he only experienced the tail end of the previous Bright-Vesia War, his hard work and lack of vices had steadily improved his skills until he broke through the threshold that had stumped so many of his fellow colleagues.
 Rare for an expert, Ark had also been gifted with an administrative talent. With his dependable leadership and a reputation for fairness, Ark had also managed to climb the chain of command without losing his edge as an expert mech pilot.
 Every member of the Larkinsons regarded Ark with pride. Whenever the public thought of the Larkinsons, they thought of Ark. Whenever the people thought of Ark, they thought of his family.
 Many people considered Ark to be a star that would shine as brightly as his father Benjamin.
 "Like father, like son."
 "The other two expert pilots of the Larkinsons are senile. Only Ark is vigorous enough to have a hope at advancing to ace."
 "Hah! Do you think it’s easy to advance to an ace pilot? Besides their founding ancestor, none of them had ever gotten close to becoming an ace!"
 "I wonder if we’ll see the birth of any new experts among the Larkinsons. They pop up during every war so far."
 Ark’s overall excellence landed him an important posting as the base commander of Halcyon Point. This was one of the most central and strategic star systems along the border between the two states.
 Even if the Vesians could easily bypass Halcyon Point and invade the other stars further into the Republic, the substantial amount of mech divisions stationed there could easily wreak havoc behind enemy lines.
 The necessity of maintaining supply lines and the treat to their rear lines meant that Halcyon Point could not be left alone by the Vesians. Even as the Vesians sent out several smaller forces out to raid the surrounding star systems, they focused their main thrust on this stubborn nail that kept constraining their strategic offensive.
 The Bright Republic had long known that the Vesians eyed the strategic star system. Both its placement and unique characteristics played a vital importance in keeping the surrounding territories in check.
 In fact, the Mech Corps had already reinforced Halcyon’s Point during the Glowing Planet campaign. The main reason why they didn’t send out any further reinforcements to the Glowing Planet was because they had been deeply afraid that the Mech Legion would exploit the moment the Republic diverted their attention from their border defenses.
 Due to the prevalence of observers in the star system, sporadic bits of news constantly leaked onto the galactic net. It was almost impossible to suppress the news and misinformation that emerged from the net.
 So far, Ves found it difficult to distinguish between truth and lies.
 "At least the overall trend isn’t overwhelmingly in the favor of the Vesians."
 As long as Halcyon Point stood strong, Ves did not have to worry about Ark. The expert pilot could take care of himself, and if worse came to worst, he could easily fight his way out of enemy lines.
 What happened at the frontlines right now had galvanized the entire Republic. While the older folk greeted the war with grim resignation, much of the younger generation looked forward to doing their part to defend their homes.
 Ves met with Jake in his office the next day. His COO informed him of an important event.
 "The Ministry of Economic Affairs has gotten in touch with us. Right now, they don’t expect us to fulfill any obligations, but the LMC has been put into notice. We should expect to be called up to facilitate the production of supplies, spare parts or even complete mechs any time now."
 "This is bad news. We only have one mature production line. If the Ministry wants us to produce some of their war materiel, we’ll be forced to halt our commercial ventures."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Exiting from the private market would have dire consequences for their market position. The LMC risked throwing away months of hard work.
 Jake had a suggestion for that. "It’s time we expand our production capacity. We have the funds to procure two or three more production lines."
 "That’s impossible unless you are looking at budget equipment!" Ves quickly replied. "I don’t want to settle for subpar equipment. At minimum, the production line should cost around 3 billion credits."
 At 3 billion credits, the combination of 3D printer, alloy compressor, chemical treatment machine and assembly system presented a fairly complete package. All four machines had to be good enough to shoulder the LMC’s future production for the next twenty years.
 Jake retrieved a data pad and handed it over to Ves. "I’m not suggesting such a thing. Considering our performance and our growth, I’ve been huddling with Primrose Mackarie on and off for some time. We’ve ultimately came up with two different financing plans."
 "This is... leverage!"
 The first plan amounted to borrowing lots of money. The LMC at this stage shone brightly, but it couldn’t keep up with demand due to the bottleneck in production. Rather than wait until the company made enough profit to expand their production, why not move this decision forward and use other people’s money to get the machines up and running now?
 Naturally, taking a loan also meant exposing the company to further risks. If their sales slumped all of a sudden to the point where they couldn’t meet the repayment terms, they risked losing whatever they put up as collateral, such as his highly valuable reconstructed Dortmund printer.
 Although Ves possessed a natural aversion to loans, he understood that he might not have much choice if he wanted to stay ahead of the curve. The LMC desperately needed more production lines, but it would take too much time to accumulate the necessary cash.
 "There is also another plan on that pad."
 Ves briefly browsed the other document. "Selling my stock? Absolutely not!"
 As a private company, outsiders found it difficult to place a value on the LMC. However, business analysts loved to speculate. Their estimates of the company’s total worth had continually been adjusted upwards.
 Last Ves had checked, the fortune tellers pinned the LMC to be worth around fifteen to thirty billion credits.
 This was a huge amount. This was because it got a hold of a lot of expensive assets and licenses without incurring a huge amount of debt. The company also earned a lot of profits because its expenses were relatively modest if you left out depreciation.
 The only factor that doused investor enthusiasm was that the company heavily relied of Ves. Once he stopped publishing successful designs, the LMC’s would certainly collapse like a house of cards.
 Overall, investors preferred to put their money in mech companies that employed a variety of mech designers. Even if one designer produced a flop, the other designers could pick up the slack.
 Still, Ves hated parting with his shares. This was his company.
 "I’ll put the first suggestion up for discussion at the next board meeting. You’re right that we have to expand our production quickly, but we have to be careful not to chew off more than we can handle."
 Even if Ves didn’t take out a loan, his company would still follow an upward trajectory. They’d miss a lot of opportunities if they took the cautious route.
 Sometimes you needed to take the plunge. If he was okay with risking his life on expeditions, then he should not be too timid to allow the LMC to take some risks as well.
 Jake agreed with that sentiment. "This is great news. I’ve also consulted with Chief Cyril and narrowed down a handful of choices for hardware to fill up our manufacturing floor. Take a look."
 Ves browsed the third document on the pad. It contained a small list of different printers and other fabrication machines. He briefly ran over their specs and found them to be adequate, though they couldn’t quite compare against his current setup.
 "Their quality meets the standard, if only barely." He admitted. "These production lines should be equivalent to what EME is running, right?"
 "That’s correct. Your young friend Carlos has a deep understanding of their production lines when he acted as our liaison. It’s a system that’s similar to ours and it works. Why come up with our own when there’s already a practical setup before our eyes?"
 "Well, there’s a danger to blindly copying other people’s setups. I’ll take these models into further consideration."
 Right now, Ves had little time to spare for these issues. Even if he found it necessary to expand the company’s production, he could leave most of the work to his subordinates. As long as he held the final say, the situation wouldn’t grow out of control.
 Once Jake left his office, Ves sent the list of equipment back to his chief technician and ordered him to write up a report of what the best setup would be. "Since he picked out all of the models, he should surely know which ones fit the company best."
 He handled some paperwork after that. The outbreak of war had changed the whole fabric of society in the Bright Republic. Some of the wartime provisions already came to being, which meant that the LMC had to change the way it operated to comply with the restrictions imposed on the company.
 The last thing the Republic wanted to see was a domestic company inadvertently supplying the Vesians.
 An important notice arrived in his comm. The government finally approved the establishment of the Avatars of Myth.
 "That was fast!"
 Ves had the sense some bureaucrat rubber-stamped his application once they recognized his name.
 Him having a personal force was no different than he Larkinsons forming their own fighting force.
 Even though the Avatars of Myth had officially come into being, the outfit didn’t have any members as of yet. Ves rectified this situation by calling up Melkor to his office.
 Once his cousin arrived, Ves showed him the approval notice.
 "Avatars of Myth, huh?" Melkor mused, trying to sound out the name. "I hate to say it, but your naming sense could use some work, because it sounds as if we’re all trying to compensate for something."
 Both of them laughed a bit. In practice, the names hardly mattered as long as they remained recognizable. Outfits with sillier names constantly appeared every day, like the Freckled Ponies or the Barbeque Saints.
 "In any case, now that we’ve passed the most important roadblock, I’d like to fill in our roster." Ves continued. "Let’s start by gathering a cadre in a single basic squad of eight mechs."
 "It’s easy for you to say so, but without any mechs of our own, I don’t believe we can appeal any mech pilots that are skilled."
 The vast majority of mech designers didn’t own a mech. Those that did often owned cheap rust buckets worth less than 10 million credits. Ves had no need to incorporate such garbage mechs in his ranks. He wanted to form a crack troop of loyal soldiers, not a motley crew of mercenaries in all but name.
 "Two of the eight mechs will consist of gold label Blackbeaks. As I come up with new designs, the Avatars of Myth will have first pick. Right now, a premium rifleman mech design is on its way."
 Melkor frowned at Ves. "How long will it take?"
 "Around three months."
 "That’s too long. With the war breaking out, the mech pilots who are worth their pay are rapidly being snapped up by the Mech Corps or the other outfits. I’ll have to move fast if I want to secure some talents."
 "You have full authority to use whatever to entice these talents to the roster. Just make sure they’re loyal."
 "That is a given."
 "As for the mechs, for now I’ll release some funds for you to purchase some other mechs. I’m fine with filling out our roster with other designs as a temporary measure."
 "What’s my budget?"
 "Don’t spend more than 30 million credits for each mech."
 "What?!"
 Leaving out the two Blackbeaks that Ves would supply on his own, that meant that Melkor suddenly possessed the power to spend 180 million credits. The mech pilot could hardly get a grip on the dizzying amount of money.
 He had never spent more than a couple of thousand credits at a time!
 Ves hardly blinked when he allocated 180 million credits to Melkor. He used to be like his cousin.
 Now, he easily spent millions of credits like he was drinking water. As his career progressed and his company grew, he set his sights beyond the Bright Republic.
 Once his personal fortune and company funds both surpassed a billion credits, Ves stopped equivocating about his bank balances. He could obtain practically anything for sale in the Bright Republic.
 This was also why he thoughtlessly delegated the matter of procuring new production equipment and mechs to his subordinates.
 "Purchases of this level hardly excites me anymore. Even the selection of a new 3D printer worth several billion credits is a chore in my eyes."
 Ves used to agonize over spending tens of thousands of credits, but in less than two years he grew to a height immeasurable to his previous self.
 "This is progress. This is growth."
 His wealth extended not only to his credit balance, but also to his other so-called currencies. Due to the strong momentum behind the Blackbeak, his Design Points broke through 200.000!
 "I can’t forget about my merits from the Clifford Society either."
 He currently possessed around 300 merits, which was a handsome sum for a Knight of the Society. For now, he hung on to those merits until he needed to purchase something exclusive from the Coalition, such as a high-tech license or a supremely advanced production machine.
 "I’m sitting on a lot of credits, DP and merits."
 For now, Ves did not feel any sense of urgency to spend all of this wealth. Three major priorities occupied his mind right now.
 "First, I have to come up with a rifleman mech design within three months."
 "Second, I need to get the Avatars of Myth up and running."
 "Third, I have to ingest my Transcendence Pill as soon as possible, preferably before the Mech Corps comes calling."
 That last point proved to be the thorniest. According to the item’s description, the pill could knock out Ves for up to 88 days. This was far too long!
 "I can easily design another original mech in that time!"
 Ves did not doubt the pill’s abilities. Going under for three months or less in exchange for breaking the limits that humans back was a no brainer to everyone else.
 "The problem with me is that I’m too indispensable."
 After a long absence, the LMC required a steady presence. Ves intended to be present in his company as he worked to design a rifleman mech. Disappearing for several weeks or months again would destabilize the company again and erode everyone’s loyalties.
 Ves summed it up in a single sentence. "An absent boss is not worth putting forth your passion in your work."
 Besides, Ves couldn’t afford to go under unless Lucky finished his level-up process. His gem cat still hadn’t roused himself from his egg. Occasionally, the bony egg emitted strange signals.
 The first couple of times it happened, SASS thought that someone tried to spy on the old workshop. Once they traced it back to Lucky’s Egg, Ves had been forced to move the egg to a makeshift vault. The signals his cat kept emitting constantly tripped the alarms.
 "I really miss you, Lucky."
 He hoped his cat finished his evolution soon. Until then, Ves did not dare have any designs on his pill.
 Ves got back to work. Once he finished his paperwork for the day, he turned his thoughts to designing a rifleman mech.
 "I can recycle most of the components used in the Blackbeak design, but I’ll definitely have to supplement my licenses."
 At the very least, he had to obtain licences for a laser rifle, a ranged targeting system and a collection of minor auxiliary components designed to boost the accuracy of a mech.
 Ves considered spending merits to obtain premium versions of these licences, but he reconsidered after some time.
 "The difference between laser rifles isn’t so big."
 Laser rifles formed the single most abundant category of mech arms. Practically every mech squad featured at least a single mech with a laser weapon. This ubiquity led to a lot of progress in the field of laser weaponry. Humanity had pretty much exhausted all of their latent potential. Making any further progress was excruciatingly hard.
 The market only got to taste a big jump in performance once they reached the next generation of mechs. The top designers and weapon manufacturers in the galaxy had managed to overhaul the conventional design of laser weapons and increased their power by twenty percent across the board.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 This was significant progress!
 The comprehensiveness of the new design meant that not only first-class mechs wielding laser rifles worth as much as an entire planet got to benefit from the power boost. Much of the innovations being released at the next generation could also be applied to the lowliest mech-sized laser rifles.
 Unfortunately, the Mech Corps kept the advancements to themselves and a handful of powerful developers for now. Ves had no way of getting his hands on a nextgen weapon design.
 He would have to make do with currentgen offerings.
 "An expensive laser rifle will drive up costs. If it’s too advanced, then nobody on the field will be able to service such a weapon."
 Ves had already familiarized himself with the mainstream second-class laser rifles developed by the Coalition for their own use. All of them took advantage of the properties of exotics abundant in Coalition space but scarce everywhere else.
 In order to fabricate a second-class laser rifle, Ves had to get his hands on a reliable supply channel for these exotics.
 Even though third-class laser rifles couldn’t hold a candle to the power of second-class weapons, Ves still decided to go for a more basic weapon for this reason.
 He spent a couple of hours browsing the MTA’s catalog for interesting component licenses. He bookmarked a couple of laser rifles and other components for later.
 Before he bought the licenses, he first had to set his vision and draw up a draft design. The components had to fit his vision, not the other way around.
 In order to develop a perfect Vision, Ves prepared to enlighten himself with this archetype with two different methods.
 The conventional method consisted of interviewing rifleman mech pilots. He planned to consult a number of people, including Melkor and any mech pilots he managed to rope into the Avatars of Myth.
 The other method consisted of spending 40.000 DP on [Rifleman Mech Mastery I].
 A chill ran through his body as Ves thought about acquiring another Mastery. For the span of a couple of days, the System would whisk his mind from his body and send it back in time and space and stuff it into someone else’s body.
 What would it be like to occupy another body alongside the original mind? Would Ves be able to come to an accord with the original occupant?
 "I don’t believe the System will lead me astray when I cough up 40.000 DP."
 Still, Ves had to wait until Lucky came out of his shell before he cast his mind into the mind of another mech pilot. Last time, he didn’t know a single thing about how the System conveyed a Mastery to this mind, but now he knew that his actual body would be comatose and in stasis for several days.
 It was imperative that no one found out about his infirm condition during this time.
 If the Avatars of Myth had been ready to go, then Ves could reluctantly hand over the responsibility of guarding his body to his group.
 As of now, the Avatars didn’t even have a second mech or mech pilot to its name. Melkor warned Ves that it would take at least a couple of weeks for him to interview possible candidates in Bentheim.
 "I should go ask some people about their thoughts on laser rifleman mechs."
 While Ves could call Melkor, he preferred to leave him to his duties for the time being. Instead, he left his office and stepped into the workshop hall.
 Everything looked the same, though Ves could vaguely sense some differences. The bots organized the gear and supplies a little tidier, and the mech technicians no longer appeared so green. A palpable sense of duty radiated in the air as everyone worked around the primary production line.
 "Chief Cyril!" Ves called as he approached the chief technician. "How’s the workshop?"
 The man grinned at Ves. "It’s better than last time. As you can see, everything is shaping up."
 The LMC continued to produce its silver label Blackbeaks in this workshop. Under the Cyril’s solid leadership and Carlos’ insights learned from EME, they managed to optimize the fabrication process and cut down the time needed to assemble a model a little bit.
 "That sounds impressive."
 Compared to the hell he experienced with the Whalers, his own company followed the opposite trend. Soon enough, the LMC’s technical workforce would be able to rival those from EME and other comparable mech manufacturers.
 Ves was very thankful that the Larkinson Estate sent Cyril to his company.
 "Anyway, the reason why I paid a visit is because I want to hear your perspective on laser rifleman mechs."
 "Riflemen, huh? That’s the most prevalent mech type out there." The chief took a deep breath and guided Ves away from the busy workshop floor. "So you’re finally ready to dip your company into the business of selling these mechs?"
 "I am."
 "Follow me, then."
 They arrived at Cyril’s office. Once he closed the door, he turned to Ves. "Do you know how many rifleman mech models are for sale in the Republic?"
 "Thousands?"
 "Tens of thousands, maybe even a hundred-thousand. Even if most designs remain unsold, and the vast majority only sell a single digit’s worth of mechs, it still means you’re going to face the stiffest competition imaginable."
 "I see. You’re right about that." Ves frowned as he tried to recall all of the great designs in the market. "Offensive knights are rare, so my Blackbeak is easily able to squeeze its way into the market. I can’t expect the same treatment for my next design."
 This was a very major problem. The amount of competition surrounding laser rifleman mechs led to brutal struggles among mech designers. Many designers went bankrupt because they failed to offer anything compelling.
 It was impossible to design a mech that surpassed the mainstream mech models sold by foreign trans-galactic corporations.
 "The amount of thought and optimization that goes into rifleman mechs has reached an insane height. It’s not even possible for a mech designer from the Friday Coalition to come up with a better design from the same materials, so you should better give up on that ambition."
 Cyril basically told him that Ves couldn’t compete against the mainstream models by designing a comprehensively better mech. It just couldn’t be done.
 "What about the domestic supply?"
 "There’s a substantial split between original designs and variants of mainstream designs. Right now, variants are more popular."
 Ves had an inkling why this happened. "Let me guess. The mainstream models are a little too expensive or burdensome to produce, so mech designers develop a local variant made out of materials that are easier to source."
 "That’s exactly right. The single most important reason why mainstream models isn’t monopolizing the entire mech market is that their design incorporates materials that can’t easily be obtained in our star sector. Their designers are thousands of light-years away, and they have to design a mech that can accommodate as many star sectors as possible. Incompatibilities are inevitable."
 "That’s where the variant designers come in. They license the mainstream models and they put their local spin on them so they can be produced and sold by their own companies."
 Ves had to admit that it sounded like a foolproof avenue for success. As long as a mech designer bought the right production licence, he would be able to sell an astounding amount of mechs in no time.
 Cyril pointed his finger at Ves. "It’s a good thing there aren’t too many variant designers in the Republic. It’s too expensive to licence a mainstream mech design. Every variant designer who currently owns such licenses obtained them through connections or special circumstances. Not a single one of them paid credits for their licenses. Even the government can’t afford such extravagance."
 Rumors floated around in the galactic net that the upfront cost of a single mainstream mech licence cost as much as 10,000 billion credits. And that was only for an older design!
 How could Ves compete against variants derived from these ultra-expensive designs?
 Lucky’s glowing egg reached a critical stage. Its bone-like surface sparkled and glistened. The pale blue glowing lines burned bright as the energies within spiked alarmingly.
 The spillover effects had reached such a volatile stage that SASS thought someone attacked the workshop. Ves had to call back the incoming security guards before they mistook Lucky’s egg as a bomb.
 "I’m busy with an experiment! Don’t enter my office! I’ll take all responsibility for this incident!"
 With that answer, the guards reluctantly drew back, though they kept a vigilant eye on his office door.
 Ves learned his lesson and deployed his Privacy Shield. No matter how many times the egg convulsed, not a wisp of it escaped the Privacy Shield’s barrier.
 The egg began to radiate an eerie green glow that pulsed like a heartbeat. Ves could feel the thrum deep within his bones. Even his internal energy cycle disrupted its quiet routine and started to follow the pulsing pattern.
 All of this astounded Ves. His eyes opened wide as his sixth sense brushed against sensations that tasted a lot like raw emotion.
 The pulses kept accelerating until it reached a fever pitch. Just when the egg looked like it was about to explode, everything stopped when a crack appeared on the shell.
 A dainty bone-white paw emerged from the cracks.
 The violent activity had stopped as if a bomb had been defused at the very last second. Lucky’s paws continued to crack open the egg that now seemed very brittle. Moments later, Lucky’s head emerged from the widened crack. His curious eyes looked around until they centered around Ves.
 "Meow!"
 Lucky rapidly broke away from the shell and glided over to Ves as if he weighed nothing at all.
 "Oof!"
 Ves caught his cat in his arms and smiled at his pet. "You’ve finally leveled up!"
 "Meow."
 Despite the drastic procedure, Lucky looked the same as always. His exterior plating still consisted of a substance that resembled high-grade Rorach’s Bone. This gave his cat an exotic appearance that couldn’t help but draw people’s eyes.
 Fortunately, Lucky didn’t glow anymore, so he wouldn’t attract too much attention. Ves tried to spot any other changes but failed to see anything that stood out except for size.
 Lucky had grown a little bigger. It was almost imperceptible, but Lucky did indeed grow a centimeter longer. This did not represent too much of a change, but it indicated that Lucky might grow into a tiger someday.
 "I’d rather you stay small. You’re easier to feed that way." Ves nuzzled Lucky’s belly with his face, prompting his cat to paw at him. "Hahaha, I’ll have to enjoy this while I can!"
 "Meow meow!"
 Once he finishing cuddling his cat, he set Lucky down and inspected him with the vision granted by the System.
 [Pet Status]
 Name: Lucky
 Owner: Ves Larkinson
 Rank: Exceptional [Exclusive]
 Level: 3
 Skills
 [Gem Excretion III]
 [Energy Claws II]
 [Gravity Manipulation I]
 [Regeneration I]
 [Sharp Senses I]
 [Spirituality I]
 Overall, Lucky’s evolution resulted in a substantial boost of strength. Ves had no doubt that Lucky became more durable and his energy reserves grew deeper. Even if the System didn’t enumerate his exact specs, Ves already knew what to expect from the first time he leveled up.
 What was different was that Lucky’s rank jumped from Gold to Exceptional. This obviously indicated that Lucky had become a more advanced mechanical pet. This also reflected in the Skills that had been added to his status page.
 Ves briefly went over the skills. Gem Excretion III spoke for itself. This was Lucky’s foundational skill, and one that had the potential of bringing a lot of value to Ves. The jump from Gem Excretion II to Gem Excretion III shouldn’t be too substantial. Every gem that Lucky left in litter box only boosted a mech’s performance by a couple of percentages.
 As long as Lucky kept leveling up, his gems would grow more formidable. At some point, Ves would be able to harvest gems that boosted an attribute by as much as twenty percent!
 The power of Lucky’s gems should truly come into being by then!
 Lucky’s Energy Claws II also leveled up. While Ves had no clue what had changed, they should be able to cut through even tougher materials or last a bit longer.
 The remaining skills all appeared to be new. Ves tried to inspect them, but he found his borrowed power of observation to be limited. No matter how much he stared at those skills, the System refused to display a description of these novel additions.
 "Oh, come on!"
 Lucky’s level up had put the cat at a higher pedestal. Ves suspected that he lagged behind. "Lucky advanced to level 3 while I’m still stuck as an Apprentice Mech Designer."
 This put Ves to thought. The road to Journeyman was a difficult one. The most basic prerequisite had to do with his Skills. The easiest and most direct way to satisfy this condition was to upgrade a Skill to Senior-level.
 "Apprentices rarely manage to reach such heights. It’s easier to accumulate a lot of Journeyman-level Skills than try to advance a single Skill to the minimum standard of a vaunted Senior."
 Still, what others might have difficulties with, to Ves it was a matter of spending Design Points.
 [Status]
 Name: Ves Larkinson
 Profession: Apprentice Mech Designer
 Specializations: None
 Design Points: 223,356
 Attributes
 Strength: 1.3
 Dexterity: 0.8
 Endurance: 1.9
 Intelligence: 1.8
 Creativity: 1.9
 Concentration: 1.7
 Neural Aptitude: F
 Skills
 [Assembly]: Journeyman - [3D Printer Proficiency III] [Assembler Proficiency III]
 [Battle Mechatronics]: Apprentice - [Knight Mech Mastery I]
 [Business]: Apprentice
 [Computer Science]: Incompetent
 [Electrical Engineering]: Journeyman - [Structural Pathway Configuration III] - [Energy Storage IV] - [Conductors III]
 [Mathematics]: Journeyman
 [Mechanics]: Journeyman - [Jury Rigging III] [Speed Tuning IV]
 [Metallurgy]: Journeyman - [Alloy Compression III]
 [Metaphysics]: Incompetent
 [Physics]: Journeyman - [Directed Energy Weapon Optimization II] [Lightweight Armor Optimization I] [Mediumweight Armor Optimization IV] [Melee Weapon Optimization IV]
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 [Salvaging]: Apprentice
 [Signals and Communications]: Journeyman
 Abilities
 [Superpublish]: Available. Can be activated once a year.
 Evaluation: A post-human mech designer with a random collection of Skills.
 Ves accumulated so many Design Points over the past couple of months due to the proliferation of his Blackbeak Design. Both his virtual and physical mechs enjoyed commercial success.
 He found it interesting that he earned as much DP from his physical mechs than from their virtual copies. It was the first time he had experienced such a thing.
 The main reason for the Blackbeak’s lack of popularity was that it couldn’t deliver a powerful short-term performance. The Blackbeak’s performance in the arena was rather dismal. It only redeemed itself in larger battles like the 50v50 Wartorn Instances.
 Luckily, the people who bought physical mechs prized the Blackbeak’s strengths in toughness and endurance. Sales had spiked during the peak of the Glowing Planet campaign and only tailed off after its conclusion.
 According to the sales department’s internal projections, demand for the bronze label Blackbeak would slowly decline as the limited demand for offensive knights continued to be met.
 While this meant that EME would soon lost their cash cow, the LMC enjoyed a better market position.
 "The market finally recognizes the efforts I’ve made into ensuring the quality of my products."
 His gold label mechs enjoyed widespread renown. They had become veritable collector items. All of the limited edition mechs he sold at the Vintage Festival gained a substantial amount of value, the most expensive ones even straight-up doubling in value.
 Even though the silver label Blackbeaks differed only minutely from their lesser bronze label counterparts, the mere fact that it carried the LMC’s illustrious label had become an added benefit to his customers.
 "This is exactly what I want."
 Ves worked hard to associate his brand with quality and craftsmanship. He had to give up a lot of opportunities to earn a quick buck along the way, but the seeds had finally started to borne fruit.
 His current goal should be to reinforce this association by publishing more designs with the same level of quality. Once the local market got used to his standards, Ves could then start with publishing more exotic designs without fearing any rejection.
 "This will take a long time to ferment. First I have to prove that the Blackbeak isn’t a fluke by designing a successful rifleman mech design."
 Ves turned his attention back to the System and entered the Skills page. The projection shifted to an array of trees, all of which kept branching out like an endless river delta.
 Considering that he aimed to design a rifleman mech, Ves focused on the fundamental Skills that played the biggest role.
 "Both Mechanics and Physics are vitally important to rifleman mech designs."
 Mechanics allowed Ves to design a wholesome frame that synergized with the pilot and his piloting style. The design of a rifleman mech required a wholly different application of Mechanics than with knights.
 Knights favored brute force and robustness. Their frames must withstand a lot of shock and should continue to function even if it suffered moderate damage.
 Rifleman mechs prioritized precision and finesse. Humanoid rifleman mechs should adhere closely to the human physique in order to maximize the transferability of a mech pilot’s skill in marksmanship.
 Battle Mechatronics applied to this as well, but Ves should first upgrade its parent Skills, hence why he eyed Mechanics first.
 "I can also go with Physics."
 Physics delved more into the science of how a mech’s components and weapons worked. Whereas Mechanics dealt with mechs as a single system, Physics broke it down into its constituent components.
 The largest benefit to upgrading Physics was that Ves would gain the qualification to tinker with mech-sized laser weapons. Even if he learned a fair bit about laser weapons by studying the forbidden research on gamma lasers, Ves still possessed a shallow foundation compared to those underground scientists who dedicated their lives to this field.
 Upgrading his Physics Skill also enhanced his ability to optimize his designs. He would be able to program and utilize more complex mathematical models and adjust them on the fly based on his needs. He’d be able to gain some proficiency into some of the higher levels of Physics and make more inroads into understanding the effects of highly energetic exotics.
 "I’ve got two good choices. Which one should I pick?"
 Each choice emphasized different aspects of a mech. The safest choice would be to upgrade his Mechanics. A strong development required a strong foundation, and Ves couldn’t think of anything that could beat Mechanics in terms of fundamentals.
 Still, Ves did not lack for confidence in terms of Mechanics. Despite his lack of Sub-Skills in this category, Ves had developed his Mechanics Skill to a deeper level with the help of his Master and his own personal experiences.
 He even dared to say that his Mechanics could keep up with actual Journeyman Mech Designers.
 "Upgrading my Physics presents more practical benefits. First, the ability to modify a laser rifle is a powerful one. Second, my ability to optimize my designs will also improve."
 Ves focused mostly on the former, but the latter also had a lot of value. Better optimization allowed him to close the gap against the dominant mainstream designs and their many variants.
 The only downside to choosing Physics was that Ves might not be able to utlize its advantages with other mech types such as Skirmishers.
 "I can always upgrade my Mechanics Skill later on. Right now Physics is more useful to me."
 Upgrading a Skill to Senior-level entailed learning at least three Sub-Skills and completing an upgrade mission.
 "This mission may take some time."
 Ves was worried that the System would serve him another multi-month mission. He already had a lot of tasks on his plate.
 After couple of seconds of hesitation, he decided to bite the bullet and dump 100,000 DP into upgrading his Physics to Senior-level.
 A mission prompt appeared.
 [Upgrade Mission]
 Mission: Design and Fabricate a Functional Gamma Laser Rifle
 Difficulty: C-Rank
 Prerequisites: [Physics - Journeyman]
 Description
 The essence of a laser rifle revolves around converting energy into a form that causes damage to the target. Conventional laser weapons predominantly utilize the infrared portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
 However, a mech designer should not be content with remaining within the boundaries of artificial rules.
 Explore the potential of laser weapons and design a gamma laser rifle by yourself. Then fabricate it and test the weapon to verify its performance.
 Reward:
 [Physics - Senior]
 The upgrade mission sounded simple. The System only assigned a difficulty of C to this task and it didn’t even come with a failure condition.
 The only problem was that Ves could not let anyone find out what he was doing. Producing gamma laser weapons was as bad as dabbling with nuclear weapons!
 "This is illegal!"
 The seriousness in which the MTA and CFA enforced the laws on taboo weapons frightened all of human space. Practically no one except the lawless dared to cross the two biggest organizations that collectively guarded over humanity.
 It was for their own protection. During the Age of Conquest, the humans who conquered the galaxy star by star possessed no bottom line. With their awesome capital ships, they showed no remorse in bombing highly populated alien planets to glass.
 Saturating a planet with thousands of nuclear missiles proved to be the quickest, easiest and dirtiest method to wipe out an entire planet’s worth of aliens.
 Over time, humanity began to be more creative as they sometimes wished to occupy a planet instead of turning it into a lifeless radioactive rock. They experimented with biological diseases and chemicals as well as radiation as a way to cleanse a planet without rendering it uninhabitable.
 The results were decidedly mixed, but that didn’t lessen humanity’s enthusiasm for these destructive toys.
 At the tail end of the Age of Conquest, humanity ceased to expand outwards and started to focus inwards. Internal contradictions constantly flared up and the stagnant Terrans faced a revolt among their own ranks, which ultimately led to the birth of the New Rubarth Empire.
 These intense and highly destructive wars mainly happened in space. Warships ruled the void. Sending out ground forces to invade a planet proved to be a laborious operation. Seizing control of a foreign planet’s population and assets often cost too much time and effort.
 The invaders found it more convenient if they rained down mass destruction and wipe out a quarter to half the planet’s population.
 Humanity began to turn their weapons of mass destruction to their own race.
 The tragedies that ensued could not be counted even to this day. Too many atrocities happened in this period to keep track of. Once a state began flinging weapons of mass destruction against another state, the enmity that emerged between the two became irreconcilable.
 "You hit me, I hit you back!"
 The victims lashed out twice as hard and wiped out every inhabited planet they could reach. Historians had projected that humanity spread out over half the galaxy lost more than ten percent of its total population in a span of fifty years!
 Ten percent might not sound so much, but this amounted to many trillions of wasted lives. The sheer amount of death and destruction changed the course of history and threatened to become a man-made plague.
 It was easy to start a fight. It was impossible to stop it once the cycle of revenge began to revolve.
 The emergence of the first mech piloted by the legendary Mack Liu ended it all. His emergence along with some other factors led to the formation of the Mech Trade Association and the Common Fleet Alliance.
 The two organizations heralded the Age of Mechs. Their strength awed the fractious states and suppressed the unruly parties that wanted to keep using their weapons of mass destruction. Human space quickly found out that it was not a good idea to incur their wrath.
 Two important changes happened at the start of the Age of Mechs besides the ban on weapons of mass destruction. First, CFA assumed sole responsibility for defending human space against the alien empires that pressured it from every direction.
 They straightforwardly confiscated every warship and formed their own defense fleet crewed by a variety of humans across the galaxy. States lost the right to wage their internal wars with ships armed to the teeth with colossal weaponry. It was too expensive to replace the fallen ships, especially since each of them cost a substantial fortune.
 Capital ships took up an extravagant amount of manpower and resources to produce. The destruction and loss of each major warship weakened humanity’s ability to withstand alien incursions. Therefore, the CFA had been tasked with preserving these assets as much as possible.
 The second change revolved around promoting the use of mechs as the main mode for war. No longer would capital ships be allowed to orbit a planet and bombard it into oblivion with huge cannons or destructive lasers.
 The transition to mechs turned out to be very bumpy. Besides the immature technology that underpinned workings, states also found the mech to be a lackluster weapon platform. Compared to the destructive power of a capital ship, a single mech was an ant.
 The MTA overthrew a lot of states before humanity learned their lesson.
 Ves recalled the last couple of hundred years and sighed. "Right now, we live in the Age of Mechs."
 There was no place for a forbidden weapon like a gamma laser rifle in today’s society. Only the most depraved and degenerate pirates used such a thing, and they never lasted very long.
 In truth, the destructiveness of gamma lasers or grasers couldn’t quite compare against the might of a nuclear bomb. The weapon type worked best in space where it could only threaten spaceships or space station.
 For various reasons, the MTA and CFA added any laser weapon that weaponized some of the higher frequencies of the electromagnetic spectrum to the list of taboo weapons.
 Ves had to accept their stance without question. What could he do on his own? Should he visit the MTA’s branch on Cloudy Curtain and ask for an exception to create a weapon of mass destruction because of a mission?
 "They’ll shoot me to pieces before I can even get another word in." Ves shook his head. "That is if they don’t capture me and torture me to death."
 This thorny upgrade mission compelled Ves to work alone. He absolutely could not trust a single person except for Lucky. Even his most trusted technicians such as Carlos or Chief Cyril would turn on him in a heartbeat if he showed any interest at all in producing a forbidden weapon.
 The fear of the taboo had set in deep nowadays.
 "Forget about designing such a weapon. Fabricating it without tipping anyone off is the biggest problem with this mission."
 Ves never travelled alone nowadays. People constantly kept their eye on him, and while he could obfuscate their observation methods with his Privacy Shield, it did not block any naked eyeballs from seeing what he was up to.
 Running his stealth augment was too costly to consider. His stealth only held up for five minutes before his comm ran out of power. Ves could hardly work in short, 5 minute intervals, especially when he began his fabrication.
 The best solution for now would be to travel somewhere remote with a 3D printer. As long as he could do the dirty deed in the middle of nowhere, the System wouldn’t quibble with him as long as he fabricated a successful copy.
 Ves thought about his two production lines just then. The newer production line that centered around the Dortmund printer was absolutely essential to the LMC.
 The older one however had been relegated to a backup line. The mech technicians mainly used the second-hand printer and assembly system to practice their skills, fabricate some replacement components or fulfill some odd jobs.
 In other words, no one cared about it anymore.
 A plan formed in his mind. In order to design and fabricate a graser rifle in peace, he planned to bring the second-hand printer along with a number of supplies and raw materials and move out to a remote planet, moon or asteroid and work alone from there.
 Ves figured that he could fit everything he needed in the Barracuda, if only barely. The printer took up the most space by far, but the cargo bay should have enough space left over for a couple of smaller containers filled with supplies.
 "Fabricating a rifle doesn’t consume a lot of resources. I don’t have to bring too much."
 A complication emerged when Ves tried to formulate which resources he should bring. If he guessed wrong and ended up missing a vital resource to produce a graser rifle, then he had to halt the entire project and call for the Barracuda to ship the missing materials, which wasted valuable time and risked getting found out.
 He estimated that the entire design and fabrication process shouldn’t take too long. In ideal conditions, he might be able to manage it within a week. The need for secrecy ate up even more time than the actual process.
 If Ves wanted to apply his upgraded Physics to his upcoming rifleman mech design, then he had no choice but to delay its design by several weeks.
 He considered skipping this troublesome upgrade mission for now, but ultimately decided to take the extra time to go through with it. He needed every advantage possible to narrow the gap against his competition.
 Hardly any Apprentice Mech Designer managed to find their footing in the oversaturated market for rifleman mechs. Even though many buyers jostled for mechs, even more sellers hawked their wares at them. The dizzying amount of choices meant that new designs hardly gained any attention unless they offered something compelling.
 Ves knew his current Skills could only allow him to design a mech that underperformed compared to the mainstream model. Even Journeyman Mech Designers hadn’t been able to compete head-on against these highly developed designs.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The only successful cases where they succeeded was when their designs happened to fill a niche through sheer strength.
 Ves saw hope in this approach. The prerequisite of course was to upgrade a Skill to Senior-level.
 Before he arrived at somewhere safe and isolated, Ves absolutely couldn’t risk begin his design work on a graser weapon.
 "I guess I better get the ball rolling." He muttered to himself and closed the page.
 In the next hour, Ves called Captain Silvestra to drop whatever the Barracuda was doing and come back to Cloudy Curtain. He also arranged the transport of the old second-hand printer and a number of supplies and raw materials.
 While his workers scratched their heads and puzzled over why the boss wanted to take the printer away, Ves informed his company of his brief absence.
 As usual, his COO Jake disapproved of his random jaunt. "This is highly irresponsible. I thought we are clear about the consequences of any further adventures. I don’t know what you are up to, but a chief designer who is constantly missing is not a good sign that the LMC is stable."
 "Does stability even matter?" Ves retorted. He did not intend anyone to persuade him from his course. "This is not a public company. I don’t have to answer to any shareholders except for myself. What I’m about to do is for the betterment of the LMC. Once I return, I’ll be more than capable of designing a strong and commercially viable rifleman mech."
 Jake had to take his word for it. The old man still looked at him with disapproval. "Try to keep in touch over the galactic net if you can. Even if you are heading to somewhere isolated, we’d still like to know you are physically safe and secure."
 "That will likely be a problem. I’ll be working well away from civilization. I can’t afford anyone to stay close to me, including the Barracuda. I’ll be out of range of her quantum entanglement node, so I won’t be able to access the galactic net or call anyone with my comm during this period."
 In his planning, the Barracuda would only check up on him once every few days in case he needed to order more raw materials. The rest of the time, his corvette should stay far away from his work site in order to prevent his activities from being leaked to any spies.
 Ves never forgot who made the Barracuda in the first place. He won the ship after winning the finals at Leemar’s Open Competition. The Leemar Institute of Technology could have stuffed all manner of bugs and listening devices on the ship. Even Lucky couldn’t do anything about it as those features were integrated in the ship on a core level.
 The best insurance would be to send the ship far away while he worked.
 "Relax, Mr. Jake. I won’t be going anywhere dangerous this time. I’ll pick the most quiet, forgotten star system in the Republic and do my thing for a couple of weeks. Nothing will go wrong, I can guarantee you."
 The usually boisterous classroom in the academy abruptly fell into silence. Every potentate sat up straight as a uniformed mech pilot walked in front of the class. Joshua’s eyes shone as he beheld the dashing man.
 The man swept his view towards the boys and girls and mentally shook his head. What was the use of visiting these teenagers? They were at least five years away from being qualified to pilot mechs. Still, he had his orders.
 "This is a time of war. The Vesia Kingdom has invaded us once again, and it is the duty of every citizen to repel them with the best of your ability. As mech cadets, your time has not yet come, but that is no excuse for you to slack off! The Mech Corps holds the frontlines so that kids like you can train in peace. Do not squander their sacrifice and continue to improve your skills. The Republic depends on you!"
 Every boy and girl thrusted out their chest in pride. A veritable wave of enthusiasm passed over the cadets as they imagined wearing the mech pilot’s uniform one day. Every mech regiment utilized a different uniform scheme, which led to a lot of variety in the Mech Corps. Joshua himself only recognized a couple of them, and the man’s black-and-yellow uniform eluded his knowledge.
 "As a potentate of the Republic, the most talented of you are treasured by us. Certain individuals here have distinguished themselves in their training. I am here to invite a number of you to accompany me back to Bentheim and enroll in one of their most prestigious academies on a fast-track training program. I won’t lie, it will be hard, and the amount of drop-outs will be high. But if even one of you perseveres, you will have a bright future ahead of you in the Mech Corps!"
 The majority of the cadets frowned or groaned. They knew their scores well enough to realize that they didn’t qualify for such an extravagant program. Instead, they turned their attention to Joshua and a couple of other talented classmates. Out of all of them, their performance stood out the most.
 "Cadets Joshua, Liss and Maye, you are deemed eligible to take up this opportunity. Are you willing to serve the Republic?"
 "We are!"
 The mech pilot smiled. "We will send out an information package to your parents. So long as your parents consent to the program, you’ll be eligible to apply."
 The rest of the classroom envied Joshua and the rest. None of them scored remarkably well in their training courses. In fact, their academy actually ranked at the bottom in the Republic. It couldn’t be helped since Cloudy Curtain lacked a rich mech scene until recently.
 The founding of the LMC and its subsequent rise changed all of that. Suddenly, their sleepy rural planet became a local hotbed for mechs as the LMC broke out of its shell with the release of the widely acclaimed Blackbeak model.
 The mech manufacturer’s ascension initiated a sea of change. Local politics had been thrown into a mess, while the influx of tax income invigorated public services. Culturally, the insular citizens of Cloudy Curtain finally opened up to the wider Republic.
 Once stoked, the mech fever ran out of control. The enthusiastic younger generation flocked to the LMC like ducks and became the company’s diehard fans.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The potentates among them formed a virtual fanclub called the LMC Association. They established a presence in every virtual game including Iron Spirit.
 Joshua owed much of his recent success to the Association and the game. The only reason why he improved so quickly was that he wanted to pilot the LMC’s higher starred virtual mechs.
 Ves Larkinson published a handful of virtual mechs in his brief career. Over time, the members of the Association flocked to one dominant model in each tier. It became something of a badge of pride if the members could master every bestseller mech.
 Currently, the list included the following mechs:
 1-star: Fantasia 2R Seraphim - Aerial Marksman
 2-star: TOC-1S Old Soul - Ambush Rifleman
 3-star: HPL-100S Young Blood - Knight
 4-star: FFL-25P DarkSpear - Assassin Mech
 5-star: CA-1C2 Marc Antony Mark II - Hybrid Knight
 The boisterous members of the Association generally reached a broad consensus on the first four mechs. Each of them represented the best mechs of their tier. Most of them consisted of Mr. Larkinson’s latest virtual designs.
 The only place the members couldn’t agree on was the Marc Antony Mark II. As a Hybrid Knight, it was hard to pilot. Only the older members of the Association had reached the Gold League where they could unlock the ability to pilot a 5-star mech, and they all encountered significant difficulties trying to control the Mark II’s many weapons.
 Frankly speaking, the recently released Blackbeak virtual mech was much more suitable as a poster mech for the 5-star tier. As a pure knight mech, it lacked the complicated and uncoordinated weapon systems of the older design. While it didn’t fare very well in small-scale duels, it still found a respectable place in Warntorn Instances and other larger game modes.
 The only problem was the price. As a premium design, the Blackbeak sold for a ridiculous amount of gold or real credits. Only a handful of long-time players accumulated enough gold to exchange for the mech. The rest could only stare enviously.
 In any case, Joshua had worked hard the last couple of years. Ever since he first came across Chasing Clouds’ mechs, he had no idea that he was piloting a product of a homegrown hero. After Mr. Larkinson came into prominence, his drive to master Mr. Larkinson’s mechs had grown into a deep-seethed obsession.
 At his age, he should still be languishing in the upper Bronze League or the lower Silver League. Instead, he rocketed upwards until he finally broke through the Gold League.
 His hard work paid off! The moment he promoted to the Gold League, he instantly spent the credits he’d been saving so far on a virtual copy of the DarkSpear mech, which had gained some notoriety in the Bentheim mech scene.
 Joshua tasted bliss as he piloted the assassin mech. He utilized the skills he gained from mastering the Old Soul and achieved a decent amount of success with the assassin mech.
 Still, it had been rough the first couple of months. His ranking fell as he struggled to adapt to the higher pace of the Gold League. His game account even demoted back to Silver League at some point, but the skills he learned from the high-pressure upper league allowed him to bounce back to Gold League in a brief amount of time.
 His performance in game reflected back in his performance in the academy. Joshua sat at the top of his year in academy. Almost no one his age could match him in a duel.
 To be honest, Joshua only accepted the invitation to attend an elite academy in Bentheim because he’d be able to promote his ranking faster.
 "I’ll be able to pilot Mr. Larkinson’s 5-star mechs sooner if I go to Bentheim."
 If the mech pilot who visited his class heard those words, he’d wring Joshua’s neck. The Vesians have invaded the Republic’s borders, and all you can think about is playing a game?!
 Across Cloudy Curtain, Joshua consisted of a small number of mech cadets that recently showed a lot of promise. Each of them owed their improvement to the LMC in some way. The passion the mech company engendered among its fans had lit a fire inside their hearts
 If the LMC initially stoked the fire, then Walter’s Whalers fanned the flames.
 Their participation and subsequent return from the Glowing Planet Campaign had captured the minds of the locals.
 The proliferation of recordings from the Whalers and many other participants of the struggle to secure the Glowing Planet’s resources had captured the minds of the entire Komodo Star Sector.
 It sounded like an adventure drama. The Whalers arrived at the Glowing Planet and survived through several crises before they limped back home with a huge pot of gold. Billions of credits flowed into their account, and in the first couple of weeks they threw out party after party. The entire planet revelled in the success of the gang.
 Only a handful stood still at the losses. Walter, Dietrich, Fadah and the other cadre quietly consoled the survivors and set aside two-hundred million credits for their pensions. It was the least they could do, and they didn’t lack for money now in any case.
 Once the partying had subsided, a contentious discussion ensued within the gang. Some of the older members wanted to retire with their riches, while others wanted to continue the good fight but with better mechs.
 "Haven’t we struggled for years in the mud for a big score like this?" An older member asked. "Look at how much we earned! We’re richer than most companies right now! I bet we’re worth even more than the LMC right now! The time to pilot mechs is over. If anything, we can hire others to pilot mechs in our stead!"
 Even though a couple of members agreed with that position, Dietrich quickly thumped his fist on the conference table. "Is retiring all you can think about? Then go ahead and leave, but don’t expect to get a large share of the prize. This money belongs to the Whalers! As far as I’m concerned, this is the time where our gang can flourish! With the Vesians knocking on our borders, the last thing we should do is to put down our mechs!"
 The argument went back and forth for both sides. While many Whalers wanted to leave behind their old profession, others wanted to expand their organization and become more formidable in everyone’s eyes. These hardcore members couldn’t imagine a life of peace and leisure.
 Once the two sides entered a deadlock, Walter finally intervened. "Walter’s Whalers will continue on until we all drop dead or drop out. Those of you who wants to retire may do so. If you fought alongside me on the Glowing Planet, then I’ll make sure you earned your fair share. As for the rest, don’t expect us to be generous."
 A substantial number of members who advocated for early retirement had in fact been left behind on Cloudy Curtain. They never shed their blood on behalf of the Whalers. Instead, they stared greedily at the tens of billions of credits the Whalers had earned from the sale of their mining haul to the Republic.
 Walter’s words instantly doused their greed. Most of the freeloaders subsequently quieted down and expressed no further interest in a retirement. Each of them could only expect to receive about fifty-thousand credits, which was a pittance.
 In contrast, Walter treated those who experienced the tough campaign on the Glowing Planet and wanted to leave for one reason or another more sincerely. Though the Whalers still retained the lion’s share of the pot, Walter issued a billion credits to the retirees, turning all of them into enviable pensioners.
 Once everyone who still expressed a desire to leave had left, Walter addressed the loyalists who stuck by his organization.
 "I won’t lie to you. Much of the money we’ve made will be spent on mechs, ships and equipment. If you think you’ll be able to drink the finest drinks and eat cloud rice every way then you’re mistaken. We have a lifetime opportunity to become an elite outfit and I won’t squander it away by wasting it on luxuries!"
 No one outwardly objected to his decision, though plenty of members complained within their hearts at Walter’s excessive frugality.
 "In the coming months, we will build up our strength. Our first order of business is to fill up our roster and expand our scope. I hope to we can grow our numbers to the point where we can field a thousand mechs at a time."
 "A thousand mechs!?"
 That was half a regiment! So many mechs would turn the Whalers from a rural bully into a regional powerhouse. Though they’ll never be able to surpass the Three Tyrants who ruled over Bentheim, such numbers gave them the qualification to contest over other minor star systems!
 Each outfit that returned from the Glowing Planet intact experienced similar transformations. These lucky gangs and mercenary corps outpaced their rivals and competitors by far and began to recruit en masse.
 The balance of power in the Bentheim region decisively shifted in their favor.
 In the past couple of days, Ves fulfilled as many duties as possible. He discussed and approved the expansion plans with the officers of the company.
 In particular, he approved the procurement of two brand new production lines for the LMC’s new manufacturing complex. Due to a lack of cash on hand, the company would have to go into debt to the tune of 4 billion credits, but this was easily bearable since the Blackbeak models still sold like hotcakes for now.
 He also conducted his interview with Mercenary Central in his office. The interview was a lot more relaxed than the one he had with the Rimward Star herald. Ves mainly spoke some platitudes and constantly highlighted the benefits of the Blackbeak model. He tried his best not to trip over himself by uttering a gaffe.
 Overall, the interview with Mercenary Central had largely been forgettable. The LMC and its partners only received a minor bump in orders for the Blackbeak models. Ves mainly treated the public exposure as a way to plant some seeds in the subscribers of the publication.
 Not every mercenary was short on mechs at the moment. Once the war heated up, their losses would begin to pile up. Ves hoped that they remembered his words and took a closer look at the Blackbeak.
 "It’s difficult to raise more interest in my product at this time. The hype has died down."
 The Blackbeak ceased to be a news item among the the public. The market had moved on to shinier toys that came out in the last month or so. Still, many professionals knew about the Blackbeak and what it could offer to its owners. Even if its sales started to slide, it hadn’t cratered to single digits as of yet.
 After the interview, Ves got in touch with Melkor who travelled to Bentheim and instructed him to manage the Avatars of Myth by himself for the time being.
 "Are you having any trouble recruiting promising pilots?"
 Melkor grimaced over the projection. "To be honest, I’ve come way too late. The Mech Corps and the mercenary corps have snapped up almost every competent mech pilot available for hire in the preceding months. The only ones who are left are failures or carry a black mark on their record."
 "Take your time, then. I don’t mind if you have to wait a few months to gather seven or eight good mech pilots. This first batch of mech pilots will form the core of the Avatars of Myths. It’s vitally important to know that we can rely on them to lead our future recruits."
 "I understand, Ves. I’m actually reaching out beyond the Republic at this point. There are still some promising foreign mech pilots who expressed some interest in working for a mech designer."
 Mech pilots generally liked to work with successful mech designers. Unlike mercenaries, they didn’t have to go around from job to job but instead mostly spent their time in one place. They only had to go out for a few errands once every few years.
 Unlike company forces, mech pilots directly in the employ of a mech designer often received favored treatment with regards to the mechs they got to pilot. Mech designers always lavished their most loyal protectors with their best works.
 Ves was no exception in this regard. In time, he planned to pair the entire roster of the Avatars of Mechs with his own designs.
 "Have you also made a selection of mechs?"
 "Not yet. I’m eyeing a handful of models, but It’s hard for me to decide which ones I should settle on. It will help if you can tell me how you plan to use the Avatars of Myth."
 "The Avatars will first and foremost act as my bodyguards. They should have the ability to act as my defenders and repel any Tom, Dick and Harry that wants to take a shot at me with their mechs. The second priority is to be able to go on an expedition in hazardous environments far away from civilization. Think of the Glowing Planet or Groening IV. The mech pilots of the Avatars of Myth should be mentally prepared to go on these kinds of arduous trips."
 Melkor sighed. "I can easy gather up some mech pilots who are eager to take up guard duty, but the latter is a lot more difficult to deal with. Not a lot of talented mech pilots are eager to gamble with their lives. Everyone knows of the danger that’s inherent with every expedition into the unknown."
 "I’ll make it worth their while. You can offer as much salary and benefits as you want, though I hope you don’t stray too far from the predominant market rates."
 Everyone had a price. As long as they threw enough money around, Ves and Melkor would surely be able to attract some poor but greedy mech pilots with some abilities.
 Ves hung up on Melkor after discussing some further details. The issue of the Avatars of Myth could not be rushed. It was not as if he had any need for them at this time, especially since he was about to embark on a solo trip to the middle of nowhere.
 Alongside his duties, Lucky often followed him as he went back and forth. Ever since he reached level 3, Lucky tested out his new abilities with the curiosity of a child.
 The most drastic enhancement had to be his gravity manipulation. With it, Lucky finally gained the ability to fly.
 In the first days, Lucky often raced around in the air like a dolphin in the water. Sadly, his control hadn’t caught up with his enthusiasm and he often flattened his body against a wall or some furniture.
 Everyone laughed when that happened, including Ves. Lucky hadn’t been hurt, of course. Even if he flew fast enough to hurt a living cat, his Rorach’s Bone-based body could endure a lot of punishment.
 "Lucky, stop flying around so much! You’re damaging the furniture!"
 "Meow!"
 His cat ignored him and continued to swim in the air. While Lucky started to get a hang of controlling his movements by manipulating his gravity, Ves arranged some plans the LMC should follow in his absence.
 "I’m not certain we’re ready to move into the new manufacturing complex. It’s still a month away from finishing." Jake responded after he received the latest plan.
 "We can’t delay our move for long." Ves replied. "The war has already broke out. In the previous Bright-Vesia Wars, the Vesians always sent out raiding fleets to strike at vulnerable Republican infrastructure. For better or worse, we’re part of the Republic’s war industry and a valid target."
 The thought of an attack had always lingered at the backs of everyone’s mind, but no one truly considered the Vesians would spare a fleet to attack their meager workshop.
 Jake couldn’t believe the Vesians would resort to such a thing. "We only have a single production line after you dismantled the old printer. There are many other mech manufacturers that contribute a lot more to the defense of the Republic."
 "All those companies with four or more production lines aren’t stupid. They already bolstered their company forces in order to deter any raids. The Vesians won’t send out too many mechs in their raiding fleets, so they have to pick their targets with care. Our old workshop is a soft target in their eyes. Even if we don’t amount to much for now, it might be different in the future."
 "I see. They might want to divert some resources at us in order to strangle us in our cradle."
 The mech industry regarded the LMC as a promising mech manufacturer. As long as Ves didn’t screw up and continued to publish quality design, its rise was already a given.
 Naturally, the Vesians wouldn’t like that.
 "I’ll put my support behind the move. I’ll make certain the manufacturing complex will be up and running within two months."
 Time would be tight, and mishaps were bound to happen, but Ves truly prioritized everyone’s safety. The sooner they moved into their fortified complex, the safer they would all be.
 Ves didn’t have to arrange many major instructions after that. Besides the development of new designs, the company ran by itself, exactly the way he liked it. He only spent some time to issue some reminders to the board of directors. They better not be making any major decisions without his presence.
 "Getting Vaun on board was bad enough. I won’t accept any more dissention, even from my grandfather."
 Although he resented his grandfather for supporting that move, Ves didn’t have the guts to call him out on it. He avoided his grandfather and seemingly forgot about him during his brief stay on Cloudy Curtain.
 On the day of his departure, he shuttled over to the spaceport and boarded the Barracuda with only Lucky as his companion. As he reached the hatch, he turned around and beheld his planet.
 "It’s too soon for me to leave again, but I don’t have any choice. I need to do this mission alone."
 Once he stowed away his luggage, he entered the bridge. Captain Silvestra already instructed the Barracuda to lift off into space. The corvette hardly rumbled as it escaped Cloudy Curtain’s gravity well, which was a testament to her well-trained crew.
 "I see you are all making your recent training to good use."
 "Mr. Larkinson, welcome aboard." Silvestra nodded to him from the captain’s seat. "You haven’t told us yet where you want us to fly. Where do you want to go?"
 "Set a course for NCVEFG-3438 for now. I’ll feed you the next jump once we reach the next star system."
 NCVEFG-3438 was actually a lifeless red dwarf with hardly any planet to note. The galaxy contained countless of red dwarfs, and most of them held nothing of value at all. They only formed a somewhat convenient transition point for ships looking to evade the public eye.
 "Aye aye, boss. I’ll set our next destination to NCVEFG-3438. Our estimated arrival time is two days."
 Ves had already planned his route over four different stops, each of which consisted of four abandoned or empty star systems. There were too many of these star systems to count, even in a desolate place like the Komodo Star Sector.
 Although he knew that the Republic and other forces hid some observation equipment in these star systems, as long as his crew put their vaunted skills to use, they could easily obfuscate their readings and mislead them into thinking they had transitioned towards another star system. Any trained crew could pull off such a trick.
 Once Ves became satisfied with Silvestra’s arrangement, he returned to his stateroom and sat behind his desk. He pulled up a secure data pad that contained a book he recently ordered from the Clifford Society.
 With several hundreds of merits to his account, he figured that he should brush up on his knowledge on laser weapons while he travelled to his final destination. Ves planned to acquire some Sub-Skills from the System as well, but he wouldn’t be able to enlighten himself with the personal perspective of past experts.
 The books on his reading list consisted of textbooks and musings of various experts that had once made contributions in the field of directed energy weapons. Reading their thoughts and understanding their paradigms helped him digest the knowledge he learned from the forbidden research data on gamma lasers he unearthed a long time ago.
 "Hopefully I can upgrade my Skills or gain a new Sub-Skill at the end."
 Of all the things he enjoyed about his career, he loved to learn new things. His ability to design a mech had come a long way since the start of his career.
 Before, he had to rely on designing virtual mechs and variants of existing designs.
 Now, he became accustomed to designing his own original mechs. Even though he only had the Blackbeak to his name, he maintained full confidence that he could repeat the magic of his first original design.
 "My rifleman mech should be even better than the Blackbeak, now that I’m about to work on upgrading my Physics to Senior-level. I’ll have to design a groundbreaking machine in order to attract a lot of sales."
 Though the challenge seemed daunting, Ves never lost his fighting spirit. He believed he could succeed.
 The Havensworth Star System was one of the most important and strategic locations in the wars between the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom. Situated right at the border between the two warring states, the fortified star system played an essential role in curtailing the advances of the aggressive Vesians.
 People once said that the Bright Republic couldn’t exist without this star system.
 "The Vesia Kingdom is larger and more prosperous than the Bright Republic. The only reasons why we haven’t lost to them is because their nobles are constantly stabbing each other’s backs and because Havensworth is tying down a large portion of the Mech Legion."
 Most star systems of note consisted of a number of stars and some orbiting planets along with a couple of asteroid belts or clouds. What made Havensworth extraordinarily hard to invade was due to its two peculiar properties.
 As a binary star system, it consisted of two stars, a bigger one and a smaller one. The bigger one was a giant, which made it easier to travel to from a longer distance. Besides radiating a lot of electromagnetic radiation, it also ejected a fair amount of stellar wind, which made the entire Havensworth System a hazardous place for ships.
 Any invaders attempting to conquer the system’s sole inhabited planet had to endure the grinding stellar winds that constantly emerged from the giant star. The strength of the stellar wind varied from time to time. Even a capital ship would buckle in front of the strongest winds.
 The giant’s larger mass also widened the star system’s gravitic field, which meant that a hostile fleet emerged out of FTL from a much larger distance. This provided the defenders with ample time to respond to the new presence. It also made it harder for the losers of a conflict to run away into FTL.
 If that wasn’t bad enough, the smaller star emitted a strange disruptive field that blocked all means of communicating through a quantum entanglement node. This effectively meant that anyone that went inside would be isolated from the rest of the galaxy. No form of communication could reach any ship of base in the disruptive star’s influence.
 Such stars were rare, but the Bright Republic happened to have occupied it before the Vesians could get their claws on it. Ever since then, the Bright Republic always managed to hang on to the Havensworth Star System no matter how much they’d been pressed.
 The Mech Corps turned the largest rocky planet in the system into a veritable fortification. Havensworth II or Citadel Havensworth formed the nucleus of the Republic’s defense against the Vesians. Although the citadel planet lacked any signs of life, the Mech Corps comprehensively transformed its underground terrain into a deep and exquisite set of fortifications.
 It was virtually impregnable from above. The only way to crack this shell was to utilize taboo weapons or to invade the tunnels with a crushing amount of mechs.
 An illustrious member of the Larkinsons commanded over the largest and most important bases underneath the surface. With Colonel Ark Larkinson holding the fort, the mech pilots of the Mech Corps would never give in to despair.
 "So long as the Magnificent Knight still draws breath inside these tunnels, the Republic shall never fall!"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The Vesian Mech Legion had never succeeded in taking over the citadel planet, but they often tried again with each war. They faced a lot of difficulties due to the lack of instant communication and the stellar winds that pounded their ships.
 Only heavily armored ships would be able to linger in the star system, and only up to a month or so. This forced the Vesians to divert much of their precious capital ships to the Havensworth System, leaving their lightly armored transports and logistic ships behind.
 The Mech Corps on the other hand built up an enormous stockpile of supplies in their underground bases. They could comfortably hold the citadel planet for a decade, tying down their adversaries without any help from the rest of the Republic.
 Right now, the Vesians pressed the Havensworth Star System with two divisions worth of fleet carriers and mechs. They destroyed the space stations that orbited the various planets in the system before proceeding to surround the citadel planet in a wide orbit.
 They stopped short at invading the dreaded fortified planet. Even though its exterior looked as barren as any lifeless rocky planet, an extensive reinforced tunnel network ran many kilometers underneath.
 They stretched for thousands of kilometers in every direction, branching out and converging back together in a random pattern meant to obfuscate even their own designers. Not a single Brighter possessed a complete map of the tunnels.
 Furthermore, the Bright Republic collapsed and rebuilt the entire tunnel network after every war. This meant that the Vesians had to send out scouting parties to map out the upper levels of the tunnel at the onset of each new war.
 Such an operation took several years to complete. The Vesians had already become familiar with this time consuming task, so they spared no time in starting their mapping operations.
 Dozens of mech squads emerged from the fleet carriers and quickly dove to the surface of the rocky planet. They had to enter the planet’s magnetic field as fast as possible in order to shield their frames against the stellar winds that occasionally penetrated closer to orbit.
 The aerial mechs did not require any assistance in descending onto the planet, though they needed help getting back up into orbit, which the fleet carriers would send out after they completed their mission.
 Once the squads of aerial mechs reached the surface, they fanned out towards the underground entrances the ships in orbit had already spotted.
 One squad consisted of mechs from the Grand Chasers regiment. As a squad of light mechs, they excelled in scouting duties such as this. They swiftly flew inside the tunnels and mapped out the interior in rapid tempo.
 The Mech Corps quickly sent out their own response. A squad of mechs from the 6th Stellar Lancers Regiment emerged from an underground hatch. A mix of twelve light and medium aerial mechs flew out to block the Vesians from going any deeper.
 The two squads encountered each other a couple of minutes later. The initial clash went poorly for the Grand Chasers as they struggled to dodge the incoming Lancers.
 At least half of the squad from the Stellar Lancers consisted of spearman mechs. Their mechs had all been designed to pierce through anything in their way.
 The dreadful opening clash heavily damaged two hapless light mechs from the Grand Chasers. The subsequent battle turned into a brief and intensive dogfight until the Vesian interlopers finally managed to turn the other way around, dragging their damaged mechs with them as they fled like rats.
 The Stellar Lancers tried to catch up to their prey but it was to no avail.
 "Tch. They’re too fast. The Grand Cowards are only good at running away."
 Skirmishes like these happened every day. Due to the abundance of tunnels in Havensworth II, some of the scouts penetrated deeper into the tunnels before they met any opposition. It couldn’t be helped as the Mech Corps only had so many mechs to spread around.
 The scouts emerged from the tunnels a handful at a time. They converged on the heavily armored transports that had been sent out from the fleet carriers in orbit. The mechs filed into the transports which brought them back to their ships.
 This pattern repeated again and again as the Vesians sent out squad after squad. The operation only stopped when the fleet carriers had to escape the brutal stellar winds that wore down its exterior armor.
 Fleets from both sides occasionally dropped in, but they never stuck around for long.
 Compared to the tame battles that took place on Citadel Havensworth, the other border systems encountered a lot more grief.
 Cities burned while civilians fled to underground shelters as the Mech Legion overran the token defenses put up by the poor and underdeveloped border systems.
 Frankly, the star systems situated at the border of the two states had changed their allegiance so often that the inhabitants possessed no intrinsic loyalty to either powers.
 Someone’s parents might have grown up onder Vesian rule while they themselves grew up under Brighter rule.
 Everyone born in these border systems had become used to shifting their loyalties at the drop of a hat. Once the fighting died down, the garrisons shamelessly pledged to serve the Vesians while the citizens welcomed the occupying infantry forces as liberators.
 "Down with the Republic!"
 "Long live the Vesian King!"
 Even though the Mech Legion easily occupied these border systems, they held no strategic value at all. They offered very little wealth and except for a paltry amount of taxes. Instead, they acted as a drag on the Vesia Kingdom. In order to hold on to the systems and push up the frontlines, they had to allocate a significant amount of mechs to hold these worthless territories.
 The Vesians didn’t dare to be too negligent in occupying these systems, because the Mech Corps sometimes used them as outposts in their counterattacks in past wars.
 These were actually just the opening moves in the war. Both sides knew that the war would drag on for at least three to four years. In order to smooth the way for the subsequent years, the Republic and the Kingdom both held back the bulk of their strength. A pitched battle so early in the war benefited neither side, especially since they recently slugged it out at the tail end of the Glowing Planet campaign.
 Across the entire Republic, the drums of war began to beat its citizens into action. Several potentates that pursued civilian lives had been called up by the Mech Corps. They enjoyed a lot of privileges in times of peace, but in exchange they signed up as reservists. Every citizen who could pilot a mech had to be ready to fight for their state.
 A handful of reservists protested their reassignment during each and every war. They had become inured to the indolent life as civilians. They became scared at the prospect of piloting mechs in the middle of an active war zone.
 "Don’t take me away! I can do better at home!"
 "Unhand me, you uncouth barbarians! I am a potentate! It’s illegal to touch me!"
 "My skills are atrophied! I’m hardly fit to pilot a mech these days!" A portly man squealed.
 An armored infantryman bashed the potentate with the butt of his rifle. "Oh shut up. You spoiled potentates are always hollering the same things. Man up for once in your life and accept your duty!"
 "What duty?! I never wanted to be a soldier! I’ll faint at the sight of blood!"
 The fat man received another thunk on his head.
 "Hehe, we don’t care. By the time you’ve gone through your remedial training, you’ll get used to seeing buckets of blood. Take this lard ball away!"
 Alongside potentates, the Republic also drafted plenty of norms. Every war nowadays centered around mechs, but there was still a place for infantry in order to manage occupied or liberated territories. Mechs also needed a lot of servicing from support personnel, and turrets and vehicles had to be manned as well.
 Right now, the level of mobilization had only reached an early state. Even as the Republic shifted its society into war footing, it had to do so with care in order to prevent an overall collapse of its economy.
 Only a handful of sectors thrived during a war. Mech manufacturers benefited most as long as long as their designs had merit. Their suppliers also did good business so long they could operate their mines without interruption.
 The Vesians knew this very well, and sent out a handful of deep strike fleets to harass their adversary’s infrastructure.
 As a center of Republican industry and commerce, Bentheim often received the brunt of these raids.
 But that was a story for another day, for the Barracuda had finally reached her destination after more than a week of travel.
 Ves looked at his Status page with pride. After more than a week of studying a couple of books from the Clifford Society, he managed to acquire a new Sub-Skill on his own.
 [Rapid-Fire Laser Weapon Operation I]
 This Sub-Skill enhanced his understanding of laser rifles and was much more specific and comprehensive than Directed Energy Weapon Optimization II. While the latter only allowed him to optimize an existing energy weapon design, his new Sub-Skill enabled him to design a laser weapon from scratch.
 Specifically, Rapid-Fire Laser Weapon Operation I focused on delivering quick pulses of laser beams. A series of pulses as opposed to a single, long-burn beam. This mode of firing came with its own challenges, but it enabled laser rifles to use up less energy and slow down the buildup of heat.
 The books he read also inured him to the perspectives of the authors, both of whom reached the Senior-level in their lifetimes. One author advocated that that laser rifles should be as efficient as possible, while the other author preferred to unleash as much power as possible with each pulse.
 Both of them approached laser rifles from different directions, allowing Ves to make up his own mind about the topic.
 "Laser rifles have a bad reputation for being unable to penetrate the shell of a heavily armored mech. That will certainly change in the next generation, but for now it’s too hard for laser rifles to punch though the armor of a striker or a knight."
 In his opinion, laser weapons excelled at outputting a steady amount of damage. Heat concerns limited their ability to burst down an opponent, but they generally lasted longer than ballistic and kinetic rifles Both used up bulky ammunition, and mechs only possessed a limited amount of carrying capacity.
 "There are some who believe that laser rifles will replace kinetic rifles entirely."
 Many wide-eyed theorists prophesied the phasing out of melee weapons in favor of ranged weapons. They also stated that the relatively low-tech ballistic rifles had no more place in this day and age because their fundamental principles hadn’t really changed since their initial emergence on pre-space Earth.
 "Too bad they’re wildly wrong."
 Even as laser weapons continued to grow in power and efficiency, those who specialized in armoring mechs had also tried to keep up. They blended various exotics together into unique formulas that underpinned the rise of energy resistant armor. Mechs that specialized solely against countering laser weapons performed extraordinarily well against a barrage of lasers.
 Sadly for the armorers, most energy resistant armor proved to be highly vulnerable to physical damage. A couple of cheap, low-tech explosive shells would easily be able to tear down such a fragile shell.
 Low tech weapons still had a place in the Age of Mechs. From the lowest rung of third-class frontline mechs, to the highest reaches of cutting-edge mechs, mechs of all shapes and sizes found a use for barbarically primitive weapons.
 Besides, these weapons had progressed with the times as well. Even though they hadn’t experienced a lot of changes in their fundamental workings, the development of smaller technologies and the use of exotics enabled these arms to compete favorably against laser weapons.
 "Laser weapons are only a single means to damage a target." Ves scratched his messy black hair. "Even while I’m focusing on them, I shouldn’t buy into the viewpoint that they are highter tech than ballistic weapons."
 Besides working to acquire Rapid-Fire Laser Weapon Operation I, Ves also sneakily reread the research notes on Graser Rifles he stole from the underground base a long time ago. With his enhanced Intelligence and Journeyman-level Physics Skills, he easily grasped the points that eluded him the previous times he read the disparate collection of notes and data.
 It helped that the researchers who produced the documents started from roughly the same foundation as him. While they possessed a much deeper foundation in this field, Ves still managed to keep up with the theories mentioned in their analyses.
 The textbooks he perused earlier proved to be the key that allowed him to fully decipher the contents of the research notes. At a certain point, everything clicked in his mind, allowing him to fully follow the trains of thoughts of the researchers.
 "It’s pretty admirable what they’ve accomplished in a couple of years. They started out with a conventional laser rifle and enhanced it step by step until it became capable of firing gamma lasers."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The amount of engineering challenges they faced required a cross-disciplinary approach to solve. Ves benefited hugely from reading about the development of specialized components such as high-capacity energy cells and extended heat rods.
 "Heatsinks shaped like rods fit a long narrow object such as a rifle better than a thick rectangular block."
 The researchers opted to make the heat rods disposable. This meant that mechs could eject them from their rifles once they became too hot and replace them with a fresh one which they carried on their backs.
 Personally, Ves understood the necessity, but he wasn’t a fan of this solution. "Their gamma laser rifle design needs to be fed with both energy packs and heat rods. It’s going to be an awful mess trying to cycle both of them during a pitched battle."
 The actual rifle was more impractical than practical. While it functioned well enough in space, it hardly lived up to the likes of actual taboo weapons such as nuclear bombs and biological plagues.
 "Well, the researchers did work from scratch, and with the technology level of a third-rate state. I’m sure that researchers from a first-rate superstate can develop something much more destructive."
 Whatever the case, the System demanded that Ves design and fabricate an actual working graser rifle. He guessed that the System didn’t care too much about its actual performance so long as it worked.
 That still didn’t mean that Ves planned to skimp on the design. He suspected that the lessons he learned from developing his graser rifle could be put to use when he designed his second original mech.
 So with a renewed focus on laser weapons, Ves fully digested the research notes until the System deemed his studies sufficient and updated his Status page.
 [Gamma Laser Weapons I]
 "Finally." He sighed and leaned back in his chair. "I was hoping I could make it before my ship makes it to my destination."
 He turned off his Privacy Shield and removed his comm before placing it on his desk. Ten seconds later, the comm regained its full charge, allowing Ves to place it back on his wrist.
 After freshening himself up, he stepped out of his stateroom and headed for the bridge. Once he entered it, he looked at the projected screens and saw that the Barracuda still had two hours left before it reached the lifeless planet in this generic abandoned star system.
 "Welcome back to the bridge, Mr. Larkinson."
 Ves tipped his finger on his chin. "Has there been any activity in NCJOEV-646?"
 "Nothing has pinged our sensors as of yet. That doesn’t preclude any stealth drones or ships that are masking their emissions, but I’m fairly certain this system is as quiet as a mouse."
 Nothing ever happened in NCJOEV-646, or the Joe as everyone called it. Joe consisted of another run-of-the-mill red dwarf. What was special about Joe was that the star system contained no planets at all.
 Instead, it featured a rather extensive asteroid cloud, although it was largely flat. This meant that ships positioned above and below the ’disk’ would have no trouble navigating in the vicinity of Joe.
 Currently, Ves ordered the Barracuda to head in-system through the sparser portion of the asteroid cloud. While the loose-flying asteroids posed a significant risk to the corvette, the sections she flew through wasn’t so dense that she wouldn’t be able to escape any sticky situations.
 Ves had decided upon Joe as his final destination because the asteroids contained a lot of junk metallic contents. This would scramble any sensors trying to pick out ships. While a larger transport or carrier would still stand out somewhat, a slim and tiny corvette was virtually indistinguishable from an equivalent-sized asteroid as long as it didn’t generate too much heat.
 Joe would have been a perfect smuggler’s hideout if it hadn’t been situated close to the center of the Bright Republic. It neighbored several major star systems with substantial military patrols.
 There was very little opportunity for smugglers and pirates to do business out of Joe in these circumstances. Perhaps only desperate criminals escaping the law from those major star systems took advantage of the asteroid cloud.
 Much like Ves in this case. He did intend to break one of the most fundamental taboos of human society, after all.
 "Have you fixed the location of my end stop?" Ves asked.
 "As far as we are aware of, the asteroid you’re looking for is still orbiting close to the red dwarf. It hasn’t been bumped into for thousands of years."
 He nodded. A lot of collisions happened in the asteroid field, but it happened less in certain places. Surveyors paid to scan desolate star systems had partially mapped out the asteroid field, though they didn’t even try to register each and every single floating rock. A couple of collisions would make their overly detailed map out of date anyway.
 Instead, the surveyors focused on mapping out the largest asteroids. They eventually recorded over a hundred-thousand asteroids with cavities, valleys or holes large enough to hide a corvette.
 Ves picked out an asteroid that carried the abbreviated name of Joe-2364343 as a place to work on his gamma laser rifle in peace. The large asteroid just happened to offer a deep cave from which Ves could spend his next weeks out of sight of any peeping sensors directed at the asteroid field.
 Even if someone placed some sensors inside the cave, he trusted that Lucky would be able to sniff them out beforehand.
 Almost two hours later, they arrived at the asteroid in question. It loomed over the Barracuda like a cruiser. Its dark, rocky exterior appeared ominous in the dim light of Joe’s red dwarf star.
 Nothing had changed since the last survey. Joe-2364343 hadn’t suffered any impacts that pushed it off-course. The cave also looked intact enough for Ves to inhabit.
 "Everything looks okay." He nodded as he finished studying the sensor readings. "Let’s get closer."
 The Barracuda maneuvered close to the cave in reverse. This allowed the corvette to orient her rear cargo bay hatch with the entrance of the cave. Once they came as close as safely possible, the hatch opened up, revealing the cargo bay that had been depressurized beforehand.
 Several sensor bots emerged from the cargo bay. They swiftly entered the cave and scanned it for any unpleasant surprises left behind by someone else.
 Following that, a series of hauler bots began to lift the cargo containers from the bay and into the cave. Once they finished with the smaller containers, they returned and carefully brought out the old second-hand printer that Ves had been prepared to write off after this impromptu expedition.
 "Careful now, bots!" Ves called out even though the bots weren’t smart enough to understand his words.
 He floated out of the open cargo bay in a hazard suit. Lucky floated alongside him. During the previous week of travel, his pet finally managed to get the hang of flying. The white cat nimbly drifted up and down and back and forth.
 "Go on ahead and track down any hidden recorders or spy drones!"
 Lucky didn’t slack off and began to dart into the depths of the cave. Ves believed that Lucky’s recent advancement had improved his intelligence and detection capabilities.
 "He should be alright." Ves muttered to himself as he floated above the asteroid.
 The asteroid was large enough to dwarf the corvette, but exerted practically no gravity at all. Ves had already prepared some anti-gravity platforms beforehand for him to do his work, but it would be difficult for him to last more than a month. He only brought enough fuel to feed the power generator for a month.
 "Let’s hope nothing happens in Joe while I work."
 While the war between the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom flared up, a much bigger battle ensued out of the eye of the public.
 After the passing of the seventy day deadline, the Glowing Planet and its immediate vicinity turned into a forbidden zone in the truest sense. This time, the danger didn’t come from the unnatural phenomena radiating from the planet.
 This time, the true rulers of the Komodo Star Sector had arrived.
 "Bright Republic? Vesia Kingdom? Never heard of them."
 Two enormous armadas spanning more than fifty-thousand ships and more than a million mechs collided against each other. Their so-called skirmishes easily dwarfed the most pitched battles the Vesians and Brighters had ever fought.
 On the side of the Friday Coalition, every major partner chipped in their forces, leading to an eclectic mix of ship and mech models. Of all the partners, the Gauge Dynasty and the Konsu Clan fought the best and thereby claimed the biggest share of the proceeds of the strip mining operations.
 As for the Hexadric Hegemony, the matriarchal society imposed a complete uniformity of its military forces. Their fleets looked like clones as they used the exact same ship and mech models throughout their entire navy and mech forces.
 Both approaches had their good and bad points.
 "The Six are One."
 For the Hegemony, imposing the same designs for all of their war materiel vastly simplified their supply chains. Production, maintenance and training activities reached an unprecedented level of efficiency.
 The Hegemony also centralized their design work to an unprecedented high level. A committee of Master Mech Designers inspected and approved every single new design regardless if they incorporated it into the military or released it to the civilian sector. If even one Master disapproved of a design, then it had no future in the Hegemony.
 "Rebirth through Adversity."
 As for the Coalition, their abundance of designs fostered a culture of innovation. Their researchers often trumped their counterparts from the Hegemony due to their hectic pace of development and production.
 Sometimes, they published designs that flopped. However, with each failure, the developers and their competitors learned something new. Their next products definitely surpassed their previous ones.
 The two second-rate states held diverging views on how humanity and society should be ruled. Their relations had always been poor, and the fact that they each occupied vital resource-rich regions in the center of the Komodo Star Sector added fuel to the flame.
 The Glowing Planet merely provided an early window in how the two second-rate states would struggle over supremacy in one of the most remote star sectors in the galaxy.
 Both of their armadas slip into smaller fleets that maneuvered around the Glowing Planet in complex patterns meant to preserve their mobility. Large-scale mining ships passing by from orbit deployed special apparatuses underneath the surface of the Glowing Planet. These devices promptly blew up or cracked apart a humongous chunk of land into space.
 These remnants would subsequently be captured by other mining ships that had orbited into pre-calculated positions.
 Chunk by chunk, the two states visibly chipped away at the Glowing Planet without any mercy. As a non-lifebearing planet, the Glowing Planet was not protected by the treaties imposed by the MTA and CFA.
 No one cared whether it survived at the end of the clash. Both sides pursued the maximum amount of benefit in the least amount of time, hence they employed the most destructive methods of strip mining the hapless rogue planet.
 It could only blame itself for bumping into a trade convoy when it passed through the Komodo Star Sector.
 Even though the Bright Republic and the other third-rate states wanted to peek at the battles raging around the Glowing Planet, the two overbearing combatants had deployed a significant amount of machines that blocked and obfuscated any attempts to observe the surrounding area.
 Any ship that strayed within a light-year of the Glowing Planet would quickly be pursuit and destroyed without any appeal.
 Far away from the Glowing Planet but well inside the borders of the Republic, Ves floated at the entrance of the cave in his hazard suit. He looked out at the dim, red-tinted asteroids that streaked in front of his current abode.
 The lonesome sight inspired him. He had not been truly alone for many years now. Hardly any human could be found within the Joe Star System.
 Once the Barracuda dropped of Ves and his supplies, she flew towards another major asteroid well out of range.
 For the time being, Ves wouldn’t be able to communicate with anyone, but neither would anyone be able to locate him and observe his work.
 Which was exactly the way he liked it at this time.
 "This damn mission. Sure, it’s a C-grade mission under normal circumstances, but why the hell does it want to saddle me with a war crime?"
 The seriousness in which every human treated taboo weapons nowadays had reached a hysterical level. Just the mere hint of it could spark an immediate panic in the entire star sector.
 Forget about the MTA and CFA, even the Bright Republic would deploy all of its forces to squash those who flouted this rule.
 In the first day, Ves did not immediately embark on his design work. Instead, he installed and inspected all of the gear he brought. He spent the most time on partially disassembling his second-hand 3D printer for any hidden spying or recording components.
 With the help of Lucky, they sniffed out over two-dozen different bugs.
 "This is a lot worse than I thought."
 He had no doubt that most of the bugs came from his hired help. Sanyal-Ablin never promised to respect his privacy when he contracted them to provide security.
 Privacy? Did that word even exist in the Age of Mechs?
 Ves ultimately had to delay his timetable and spend a vigorous amount of time catching each and every microscoping spy drone.
 He thanked his lucky stars that he redeemed his Privacy Shield from the System early on when he hardly attracted any attention. The device had quietly shielded him from electronic observation during his most crucial moments when he interacted with the System.
 Now that the LMC grew into a multi-billion credit behemoth, Ves attracted much more attention than before. He couldn’t even go the the toilet or take a shower without being spied on by a dozen different parties.
 Every public figure had to deal with such an intense level of scrutiny, including Ves.
 Once he finished combing over every device including his hazard suit, he finally became comfortable enough to embark on his actual purpose for traveling to the middle of nowhere.
 "Let’s start designing."
 According to the mission, Ves would pass its requirements if he successfully came up with a practical graser rifle design. Implicit in the description was that he wouldn’t be able to pass the mission if he plagiarized the existing designs from the research notes that set him on this path.
 "The spirit of the mission appears to be driving me towards pushing my Physics Skill and related Sub-Skills to the limit."
 Ves had never designed a laser rifle before. His only practical experience with laser weapons was when he repaired them during the Glowing Planet campaign and when he modified an existing model for the 2-star Old Soul virtual mech.
 Anyone could tweak an existing design. At the simplest level, a modification could be as simple as replacing one material for another or to shift a couple of components by several millimeters.
 By working from the safety of a proven design, the person who performed the modification could be as sloppy as he wanted as long as his work remained within certain boundaries.
 In contrast, designing a weapon from scratch entailed a lot more work. Ves had to take into account a thousand different aspects when he made his design choices.
 "It’s actually a lot like designing a mech."
 Designing a weapon fell a bit out of his expertise, but Ves managed to stay on track by borrowing from his experiences with designing his first original mech.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "First, I’ll have to set a vision for my graser rifle."
 Distasteful as it appeared, Ves had to force himself into imagining the use of his weapon. He envisioned a frigid duel in space. Two spaceborn rifleman mechs circled around each other as they traded potshots at each other.
 One rifleman mech utilized a conventional laser rifle adapted to space. It fired infrared beams from a bulky rifle that featured a much larger heatsink. Due to the lack of gravity in space, the rifleman mech wasn’t overly hindered by its weapon’s increased mass.
 In comparison to the moderately bulky laser rifle, the gamma laser weapon wielded by its opponent resembled a miniature cannon. It featured a much bigger weapon frame in order to accommodate its jumbo-sized battery, heat rod and internal mechanisms.
 "With my skills, I won’t be able to design a rifle that’s as compact as the one developed by the research team." Ves quietly judged.
 The graser rifle’s firing rate was a lot lower than a conventional laser rifle, but each energetic beam traced by a small amount of waves from the visible spectrum. Each time it hit the enemy mech, its armor hardly buckled, but an extremely large amount of energy got absorbed or passed through the layers of armor.
 Whenever the gamma rays passed through an electronic system, they got fried. Once it reached the cockpit and passed through the pilot, the outcome of the battle became clear.
 The stricken and irradiated mech turned into a lifeless entity after getting hit by only five high-powered gamma laser beams.
 Ves pulled his mind back from his construction vision. "A graser rifle kills the pilot before the machine."
 As long as the weapon pumped enough power into the beam, it could pass through any amount of armor and irradiate the enemy pilot.
 "What a horrible way to die."
 He knew very well how the human body fared against the might of a graser beam. Dr. Kawasaki who originally compiled the research notes had cruelly experimented on live subjects to satisfy his sadistic power trip.
 The thought of following in Dr. Kawasaki’s footsteps put Ves in a difficult position.
 Should he even proceed with this mission? What was the System’s intention by setting him on this potentially ruinous course of action?
 "Laws and rules of convention constrain a mech designer. By purposefully incentivizing me to break a taboo, the System seems to be telling me that I shouldn’t take the rules for granted."
 The System set itself above the rules that governed human society from the onset of the Age of Mechs.
 Would the System push him to breaking another rule in the future?
 Ves mentally shrank from the idea. Even though the System acted deviously, Ves had no choice but to play along its tune in order to harvest some benefits out of it. For better or worse, he became an accomplice of the inscrutable System and its unknown goals.
 "As long as I get to reach the pinnacle of mech design, I’ll commit any number of war crimes if I have to."
 Ves had already stepped aboard the ship. If he stepped out now before it had reached its destination, he’d end up choking to death in interstellar space.
 He turned his attention back to his design. Now that he formed a vision of his weapon, he began to draft a design for his laser rifle.
 Unlike with mechs, Ves did not employ his Triple Division or any other technique related to X-Factor.
 "A graser weapon doesn’t deserve the X-Factor."
 Even he had his limits. If the System set him on the path to committing a war crime, he wouldn’t do so with a smile.
 Ves treated his design like a chore to be performed as soon as possible. He decided not to take any excessive care with his design choices and instead stick to a basic, workhorse design with plenty of tolerances for failure.
 "The bigger the weapon, the more leeway I’ll carve out for myself."
 Ves spent two days on his draft design. After that, he spent five more days refining its schematic into a precise and functional product. In theory.
 In the meantime, the Joe System was as quiet as a mouse. Not a single ship transitioned out of FTL during this time. Just the red dwarf, the asteroids and the Barracuda kept Ves company in the unremarkable star system.
 The only excitement happened when Lucky decided to pass his boredom by boring straight towards the center of the asteroid. Once there, the gem cat encountered a peculiar rectangular substance.
 Lucky curiously pawed what looked like a crystal window.
 While Lucky prodded a clearly artificial object buried inside the asteroid, Ves began to test his initial graser rifle design in a simulation.
 The simulated weapon immediately blew up in the hands of the mech.
 "What?!"
 Ves was sure he nailed the design. It should have spat out at least an anemic gamma laser beam. To blow up in the face of the simulated mech was out of the realm of possibilities.
 Thinking that the environment may had played a role, Ves repeated the simulation in different environments. He shifted from space to terrestrial environments such as forests or ice-capped terrain.
 The graser rifle continued to explode without fail.
 "I thought I was so close!"
 He underestimated the technical challenges involved with turning a concept of a weapon into reality. He derived the bulk of his work from the research notes. Evidently, he made a mistake at some point. Perhaps he derived too much from the research notes and failed to adjust them to his own design.
 Ves performed the simulations again and called up some data from the moment the simulated mech pulled the trigger.
 Everything went fine in the start. It only started to go wrong when an abundance of power ran through the mechanisms responsible for generating the actual graser beam.
 Certain components couldn’t handle the load and melted down, leading to a variety of awful effects that cascaded into a dreadful explosion.
 "Damnit, this mechanism isn’t strong enough."
 For some reason, Dr. Kawasaki made it work. The research notes abundantly laid out the detailed design process for the internal mechanisms. When Ves followed the instructions to design his own version of the mechanism, it failed to withstand the load.
 "Let’s see what happens if I dial down the power."
 The graser rifle kept exploding until it reached a threshold where the mechanism failed to perform at all. Gamma ray lasers demanded a lot of power. Without a sufficient amount of power, the mechanisms failed to work at all.
 "This is a problem." Ves said as he pressed his fists against his waist.
 The constant isolation was getting to him somewhat. If not for the bumbling presence of Lucky, he might have turned erratic.
 More than the lack of people, his inability to access the galactic net and stay connected to the rest of the galaxy irked him a lot.
 "I have no idea how the war is progressing."
 Historically, the Vesians cautiously probed the Republic’s defenses. Their most destructive actions consisted of raids against Republican infrastructure and industry. The Vesians loved to take out soft targets early in the war before they could be of help to the Brighters.
 He didn’t worry too much about the LMC. It wasn’t a high priority target and his workers should have already started moving his assets to the underground manufacturing complex. Sanyal-Ablin’s substantial presence there was sufficient to deter any casual raid.
 "I should focus on completing my own tasks."
 He spent the next hours trying to puzzle out the exact failure point. He uncovered a number components that performed well below their theoretical parameters.
 He’d been far too sloppy too sloppy in his design work.
 "Rather than say I’ve been sloppy, it’s more fitting to say that the graser rifle can’t tolerate any failures."
 Ves deliberately designed a bigger rifle to make it easier for him to design a workable heat rod and battery, but the design choice introduced its own complexities. Certain components couldn’t be scaled at all. Other parts performed strangely when Ves had increased their size.
 It took several more days for him to solve these problems. He ran over each component one by one and tweaked them until their parameters fell within the expected range. To be honest, he had to resort to a lot of kludging and improvisation in order to get the mechanisms to work with each other.
 Ves had never designed a conventional laser rifle from scratch. Trying to design its big brother in a single go turned out to be highly unrealistic.
 As the days passed by, Ves began to get a hang of trying to get his laser rifle to work. It started out with a maze of problems, but by tackling the most obvious issues one at a time, he steadily reduced the unworkable nature of his homegrown design.
 He put his weapon to the test yet again in another basic simulation in space.
 The weapon fired a graser beam without problem this time. The only issue was that the beam’s power fell well below his intended output. Too much energy had been wasted in the conversion process.
 "I’m getting close."
 In truth, he could have already started to fabricate the current design, but his perfectionist streak started to take over. His interest in getting his graser rifle to work had engulfed his mind. He unconsciously poured his passion into improving his design.
 In the meantime, Lucky through the asteroid and encountered more rectangular crystals. In its eyes, they looked a lot like windows. However, they couldn’t be broken or melted at all. No matter how many times he scratched them with his energy claws or chewed them with his mineral-breaking teeth, the panes of crystals remained as whole as ever.
 Lucky meowed angrily at the latest crystal window barring his tunnel. Couldn’t a gem cat burrow through an asteroid in peace?
 No sound actually escaped from his maw, as the vacuum environment couldn’t convey any sound.
 It was the thought that counted.
 Nevertheless, the crystals annoying him to such an extent that he began to dig them out of the asteroid and carry them out of his tunnels. With a modest application of his gravity manipulation, he sent out the indestructible crystals out into space.
 One by one, they escaped their resting place and flew out into the asteroid cloud.
 In time, many of those crystals bumped into other asteroids. They burrowed rather deep in their new abodes. After thousands or millions of years, they would continue to rest inside the asteroids without incident.
 Strangely enough, that didn’t happen. The crystal windows thrown out onto other asteroid began to grow active. They shone with light as some unknown alien systems embedded into the transparent crystals wearily turned active.
 Eons had passed since they last became active.
 As the asteroids brought them tumbling away from each other, the crystals finally unleashed a portion of their might. They connected to each other with bright, intangible strings of energy.
 The asteroids they resided on suddenly stopped their senseless tumbling. Their trajectory came to a halt as these heavy objects had been fixed into a forceful stop.
 Then they began to move.
 The energy strings forcefully rearranged the positioning of the asteroids until they formed a
 decahedron relative to their original resting place.
 This place just so happened to be the asteroid that held the cave where Ves holed up at the moment. Both Ves and Lucky ignorantly continued their usual routines.
 The outline of the decahedron started to turn solid as the spaces between the lines turned opaque. Once they finally turned into a solid pane of white, everything inside had been captured.
 The energy panes cut right through the other asteroids as if an atom blade had passed through them. Many chunks became loose and spun away. Some even bumped into the asteroid in the middle.
 Ves hardly noticed a tremble as his hazard suit held him aloft.
 Once the activity died down, the decahedron began to glow even brighter. It also started to pulse.
 The pulse began slow, but sped up over time. This time, Lucky noticed something amiss and stepped outside the tunnel he had dug. Once he saw that the asteroid had been surrounded by a lot of panes of light, he immediately meowed in alarm and flew towards Ves.
 The cat bumped straight into Ves and pawed at his hazard suit.
 "Ouch! Lucky, I told you not to bump into me again!"
 Ves had been knocked out of his highly focused state. He almost finished his final design!
 Lucky kept acting like a crazy cat. Ves took note of his pet’s behavior and figured out that something was wrong.
 "Show me the way."
 Lucky led him out of the cave, upon which Ves stumbled upon the amazing sight in front.
 "What is this?!"
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Everywhere his eyes could reach, what looked like solidified light had trapped his asteroid in a cage. He grew scared at the sight of the unknown.
 "Did you do this, Lucky?!"
 His cat acted like this had nothing to do with him. Lucky merely stared his big eyes up at Ves, hoping that he could come up with a fix.
 "I don’t know what’s going on myself. This must be some kind of ancient alien contraption."
 The ten-sided object surrounded the asteroid from all sides like an inescapable prison. Ves contemplated summoning his Amastendira to shoot at the panes, but ultimately held off on this decision. Who knew what might happen if he tripped some sort of failsafe.
 "The main characters of those adventure dramas trigger alien traps all the time. I never expected something like this would happen to me as well! What awful luck!"
 Ves picked up a rock that had been embedded into the surface of the asteroid and threw it at the nearest pane.
 According to Newton’s First Law, an object in motion stayed in motion. Deep in space and away from any major gravity wells like stars and planets, the chunk of rock continued to sail forth in a virtually straight line.
 Once it reached the pane, it abruptly flashed and disintegrated out of existence.
 Ves gulped in his hazard suit. "Alright, so it’s not a good idea to go through this wall of light."
 He threw another rock at one of the corners which formed the anchors of his light prison. He encountered the same result.
 With an increasing amount of alarm, Ves tried to test out a number of ways in which he could open a gap in the decahedron. Nothing worked. All of it failed.
 Desperate times called for desperate measures. After half an hour of procrastinating, he decided to take a risk. He summoned the Amastendira from his inventory and dialed it up to the highest setting.
 "I don’t know what’s going to happen, but I hope it will work."
 A bright beam flashed out from the barrel of the mastercrafted laser pistol. The thick beam carved a hole straight through the pane of light.
 Everything changed at that moment.
 The decahedron grew unstable while a wild storm of light happened just outside the hole. Ves grew dizzy staring at the nonsensical sight. It felt a lot like looking straight out of a window of a ship travelling in FTL.
 He closed his eyes and tried to suppress his headache.
 Once he opened his eyes. He emerged in an entirely different location.
 Gone was the asteroid. Gone was the decahedron. The cave behind him disappeared as well, along with the 3D printer and supplies he had brought.
 Only Lucky remained. His cat had hung onto his shoulder in fear. His paws tightly gripped his hazard suit to the point of scratching its coating.
 "Where... am I?" He asked as he looked around his completely different surroundings.
 Ves somehow emerged on a Terran jungle planet. The environment mimicked the Terran standard, and when his hazard suit tested the air, it found it breathable, though there were traces of poisonous substances in the air.
 A human might be able to survive for a week. As for Ves, his hybrid human physique should comfortable be able to breathe the air, not that he intended to do so for the time being.
 Gravity also started to act upon him. It hadn’t acted on his body immediately, but rather eased him to it, as if he didn’t entirely exist on this strange location.
 Ves had the sense that the decahedron only partially transpositioned him to this location.
 "Did I interrupt some kind of spatial shift?"
 His spontaneous and reckless decision to shoot the decahedron with a high-powered laser beam had disrupted what he suspected to be a teleportation process.
 Ves could have easily turned his body into noodles or fractured it in tiny pieces across multiple light-years. That he came through this disaster with his body somewhat intact was a miracle.
 Still, that didn’t mean he was out of the woods just yet. He still had to figure out a way to get back to his asteroid.
 "Now what?"
 The decahedron brought him to an unknown planet without warning. If that wasn’t enough, his intervention had screwed up the transfer process, stranding Ves in a strange state.
 His body, his gear and Lucky only partially existed on this jungle planet. He could breathe the air and stand on the ground, but when he tried to touch a tree his hands went right through as if he was a ghost.
 "Am I turning into my mother?"
 Ves quickly shook his head. This was no time for jokes. He performed some more experiments and found out that besides breathing the air, he could only interact with the environment in a couple of ways.
 The most important observation was that he couldn’t go through anything thicker than the leg of a mech. Anything bigger became an obstacle to him. On the other hand, it also allowed him to interact with the object.
 "Lucky, come try to scratch this big old tree."
 The jungle was overgrown and ancient. It possessed a peculiar desolate aura that pinged his sixth sense. The trees had lived through countless standard years. Some of them even reached a thickness comparable to an office building.
 When Lucky floated over and raked the bark of the tree with his energy claws, the tree had definitely become scratched.
 Something changed at that moment.
 Their surroundings whooshed as the giant tree trembled. The other trees began to sway as well.
 The entire forest became agitated as if Lucky had affronted them all!
 Lightning suddenly flashed between the trees. Thick bright lightning bolts interweaved the entire forest as if it had been turned into a lightning storm on the scale of a gas giant!
 Just when Ves thought he would be fried to a crisp, the lightning bolts all harmlessly passed through his body and gear. Not even Lucky suffered a single burn.
 The lightning storm only persisted for a couple of seconds before subsiding. Even though Ves got off unscathed, he still felt all of his hairs turn stuff.
 He could have died just then!
 The entire incident could have killed him if he hadn’t entered a semi-corporeal state!
 "These aren’t regular trees. This isn’t a terraformed planet."
 Ves became aware that he fell into the trap of relying on his preconceived notions. Just because an alien tree looked like a tree didn’t mean it behaved the exact same way as a Terran-standard tree.
 Humanity came across many cases of convergent evolution in the galaxy. Countless of habitable planets that revolved around yellow suns grew trees that grew green leaves in order to make the most out of photosynthesis.
 That didn’t mean that all of these trees evolved into passive, unmoving lifeforms.
 Having learnt his lesson, Ves towed Lucky away towards a random direction. He wanted to get away from this frightening forest as fast as possible. Who knew if they retained a means to affect a semi-corporeal entity such as him in his current state.
 Ves and Lucky ran for half an hour. The forest seemed endless, and the canopy barely allowed him to glimpse the pale blue sky above. Throughout his passage, he never came across a single native insect or wildlife.
 Had the trees fried them all? Had the indigenous life forms evolved to instinctively avoid this forest?
 The all-encompassing presence of the trees put a fair amount of mental pressure on Ves. These trees hadn’t held back their might when one of them suffered a scratch. Even now, his mental senses perceived a subtle waveband in the air that carried a vague threatening flavor.
 No outsiders allowed!
 Thus, even if he didn’t see an end to the forest, Ves still ran as if his life depended on it. Fortunately, his partially alien physique provided him with a boundless amount of energy. Although his internal energy cycle still hadn’t fully recovered since meeting his mother, it still provided more than enough of a push to sustain his run.
 "Even my Jutland organ is acting strangely!"
 The organ responsible for most of the changes in his body became more active all of a sudden ever since he ended up on this unknown planet. Ves had the sense that it leeched some of the ambient energy emitted by the trees.
 Ves did not like where this was going. His body already carried an excess amount of internal energy.
 Thus, he continued to run in hopes of exiting the scary forest. In order to make sure he ran in a straight line, he utilized his hazard suit’s navigational functions. Although it temporarily hadn’t been able to make sense of the planet’s magnetic field, it still featured other settings that could keep track of his route.
 Even without his hazard suit, his comm offered similar functionality, so he wasn’t helpless from the start.
 After another half hour of running, Ves finally reached the edge of the forest. The trees abruptly grew less dense until they stopped growing entirely. Once he finally escaped the forest he stopped and caught his breath. Even with a strengthened body, he hadn’t conditioned it to sustain an hour-long run.
 After he straightened up, he beheld the dready brown landscape before him. A wide valley stretched before him. Unlike the forest behind him, the valley was completely barren of any growths. Neither plants or animals came into his view. While that relieved him somewhat, it also puzzled him. Why would the forest abruptly stop its growth in this direction?
 He swept his gaze over at the hills and mountains and caught a single location that shone and sparkled with a brilliant luster. The location sat on top of a low hill a fair distance away from his current location.
 To Ves, it looked like a sign of civilization.
 "Finally! A potential clue!"
 Ves had always kept his eye out for any signs that could explain his impromptu teleportation. The sudden appearance of the decahedron and its strange light show came too abruptly for him to draw any clues on what had happened.
 Whatever the case, the decahedron definitely fulfilled some sort of purpose. It wouldn’t dump him on a virgin planet without purpose. The act of transferring him from the Joe System to a completely different one with a yellow sun and a habitable planet must have used an enormous amount of power.
 The technologies that made this possible also made it clear that this was not a casual event!
 Rumors swirled around that the first-rate superstates developed a means of teleporting something from one star system to another. Whether these rumors spoke the truth or not, most people considered such technologies to be out of reach of the general public.
 Thus, Ves held a definite interest in the alien device. What was its origins? What kind of aliens constructed it? What was its purpose? Why was it buried in a desolate red dwarf system in the galactic rim?
 "Why did it trigger now?"
 He racked his brains over the last question and couldn’t figure out an answer. He pushed his questions to the back of his mind and jogged towards the site that glistened in the alien sun.
 He controlled his pace since it would definitely take a few hours to reach his destination. All the while, he kept observing his surroundings for any further clues.
 "This valley is completely barren. There’s not a hint of life in this place."
 Now that he distanced himself from the forest, Ves sensed that the ominous waves he caught before had faded away. Nothing else brushed against his sixth sense, so he slowly let down his guard.
 "There shouldn’t be anything I should be worried about here."
 Just as he took another step forward, the ground underneath broke apart as a massive mouth ripped upwards. Some kind of two-clawed worm emerged from below and tried to snap his body in a single bite!
 Fortunately, the worm was just small enough to pass through his body, but the hole the worm had dug caused Ves to lose his footing. He started to slide into the bottomless well until he hastily engaged his hazard suit’s antigrav function.
 After the clawed organism failed to bite him, it crashed back down into the earth, turning around for another go. The soil beneath the worm’s passage bucket as the alien creature forcefully dug close to the surface.
 "You won’t get me this time!"
 Ves hovered higher and retrieved a white block made out of exquisite alloys and composites. It quickly unfolded in the majestic gold-crusted Amastendira.
 He dialed the power setting to a moderate setting and pointed the muzzle in the direction of the disturbance in the soil.
 "Come on then! Take a bite out of me if you dare!"
 Even Lucky stood ready on his shoulder. The cat had been caught off-guard with the first strike, which shamed him to no end. If Ves couldn’t take down the worm, then Lucky would definitely follow suit.
 The clawed worm emerged from below yet again. As far as tactics went, the worm primarily appeared to be driven by instinct.
 Some things always stayed the same. Worm-like creatures never exhibited any notable level of intelligence in the galaxy.
 A thick golden laser beam seared the worm straight into its maw. Its internal organs received so much damage that it instantly broke the beast. With an agonizing wail, the worm collapsed on the soil, having reached just short of engulfing Ves.
 The ugly worm’s appearance repelling him on a primordial level, so Ves quickly shot it again until he became sure of its demise.
 After that, he spent a couple of minutes inspecting the dead creature. As much as he wanted to leave the sordid corpse behind, Ves still had to find some clues on what went on in this place.
 A brief inspection of the corpse revealed that the worm wasn’t as long as he thought. It was roughly as long as a mech. It featured no obvious organs besides the claws. It didn’t even possess any eyes as far as Ves had seen.
 Underneath the cutting burns left over from the Amastendira, Ves spotted a number of unknown but disgusting-looking organs. He didn’t dare to come any closer.
 He might have been able to figure out a wealth of information if he was an exobiologist. Sadly, his expertise only extended to mechs and machines. He remained as clueless as a bystander when it came to alien life.
 "This is one scary creature, though. It’s likely not the only one that’s around here."
 Ves looked back at the barren valley and imagined the clawed worms lying dormant underneath the surface. The thought instantly sent a chill down his back.
 He checked the power, water and oxygen reserves of his hazard suit. "I only have two days left until my oxygen reserves run out. Water will last a little longer, but my suit is able to recycle my waste."
 If people had to leave their hazard suits every time they needed to go to the toilet, then they wouldn’t be so widely used.
 Ves tried not to think he’d be drinking water filtered from his own bodily waste in a couple of days and focused on his power reserves.
 "My battery will only last for a week."
 After that, his suit would run out of power. The motors that eased his motions would lock up and the waste management systems would stop supplying him with recycled air and water.
 Ves did not relish the thought of devolving into a savage that lived off the land.
 "I have to find a way out as soon as possible!"
 He left the corpse behind and continued to run towards his destination. Along the way, he encountered several more ambushes. The clawed worms really didn’t like it when someone stepped over their heads.
 Ves solved each and every one of them with a single laser beam. The creatures possessed no resistance against this type of energy damage. Added to the fact that the Amastendira’s battery constantly regained its charge on its own, Ves showed no scruples against the primitive beasts.
 He finally reached the site atop the hill after four hours of running. The marathon took its toll on his body and he stopped again to catch his breath.
 Once he looked up, he observed a clearly artificial sight, something he had never encountered since he ended up on this planet. He came across a city of crystal.
 The ground abruptly turned into an opaque white crystal that stretched from one end of the city to the other. It formed the base for the majestic spiralling structures that stretched out into the sky for at least two-hundred stories.
 A large number of statues had been placed between the spiral structures. Most of them consisted of strange geometric shapes that resembles runes of some sort. They shone in a soft white light but otherwise showed nothing special at all.
 The city would have looked impressive if not for its size. The tallest spiral structures merely reached a head above his own heights. The streets were so narrow and small that Ves would have to walk sideways if he wanted to squeeze between the spiral structures.
 "It’s like I’m the giant now."
 He found the shift in perspective to be odd and amusing. Ves remembered some of the dramas he saw as a kid. Back then, giant aliens often showed up to threaten human cities.
 The diminutive size of the ruins filled him with a bit confidence. It was hard to fear a dead alien species the size of his finger.
 After shrugging off his idle thoughts, he resumed his attempt to find a way back home. The alien city would certainly contain a clue.
 Ves tried to decipher the meaning of the runes but came up nothing. Not even his comm had been able to match the runes to its database of languages.
 Humanity had never encountered these ruins before. The aliens who build this place must have lived a long time ago.
 The galaxy was old. Aliens rose and fell since the birth of the galaxy many billions of years ago. It was a different time then. The universe was smaller and space seethed with excitement. Countless stars came into being and clumped together in vast agglomeration of galaxies centered around the largest black holes known to man.
 Many theorists believed that the vast majority of exotics emerged from this time of cosmic turmoil. The first aliens who emerged from their planets and gained the ability to traverse the stars took advantage of the abundant amount of exotics within their reach.
 Many aliens also evolved with the help of certain exotics, granting their races an unprecedented level of power in exchange for becoming dependent on their supply.
 These early forbearers of the galaxy erected mighty mights that lasted for eons and changed many planets and even stars to suit their own species. Monuments of their works could be found everywhere in the galactic center.
 Much of it had already been discovered and dismantled by humanity. As a race in ascendancy, it wouldn’t do to leave the relics of other races alone. What if humans started worshipping the aliens?
 Thus, true alien relics became something of a rarity in the galaxy. The galactic center had been scoured long ago while the purging of the galactic heartland still continued to this day.
 The only place where people could reliably bump into undiscovered alien relics was the galactic rim. It was too vast, sparse and barren for humanity to control in its entirety.
 The Komodo Star Sector happened to be one of humanity’s most remote star sectors. Lucky prospectors constantly uncovered a handful of alien remains every standard year.
 Most of them consisted of lifeless ruins, but a couple of remnants still possessed enough power to work.
 Sometimes they even killed their discoverers. Ves almost shared the same fate.
 Thus, even if the miniature city looked dead and frozen, Ves still kept his vigilance.
 "Even if they’re small, their technology surpasses humanity’s in many areas."
 Ves experimentally fired a spiral with his Amastendira. He dialed down the power setting to the lowest one possible.
 The laser beam hit a spiral, and instead of destroying it, the spiral absorbed the entire beam!
 "What?!"
 The spiral structure glowed and pulsed until it released a strange white energy in every direction. Its spiral shape allowed it to hit every other spiral in sight without fail. Those spirals started to glow as well until they pulsed out their own lights, affecting other structures that hadn’t been touched by the light before.
 The entire city appeared to have been built like an array!
 The strange phenomenon continued until each spiral structure glowed with white. They pulsed and pulsed, but the excessive splitting had dimmed the overall luminosity of the glow. There was too little energy to go around. After half a minute of flickering, the glows died down, and the miniature city fell back to sleep.
 Ves almost had a scare when the entire city lit up. Something wonderful or awful might have happened and he hadn’t been prepared at all. Who knew why the aliens turned their own abodes into energy emitters?
 He didn’t understand their purpose. He lacked too much context to make sense of the city. The only thing he knew was that if he pumped a sufficient amount of energy in the city, something drastic would happen.
 "Is this a way home for me?"
 On second thought, he didn’t think it would be so easy. The entire arrangement appeared to be a defensive measure. If an enemy race came and tried to bombard it with directed energy weapons, they would probably receive a nasty surprise.
 As for other weapon types? "They look tough enough to withstand kinetic strikes."
 Ves experimentally picked up some rocks and threw them at the spirals with force. The crystals never showed signs of breaking.
 After this, Ves considered his options. In order to escape his strange state, he should be doing everything he could to find a way back home.
 "Nothing ventured, nothing gained."
 He decided to brave the unknown because he lacked any alternatives. Without a map or any kind of overview of the terrain, finding another artificial settlement like this would take weeks or months.
 Perhaps this planet might not even host any other signs of alien presence!
 Thus, Ves distanced himself a fair amount and raised his Amastendira. He dialed it to a moderate power setting and fired again at the spirals.
 The light show that ensued this time carried more energy. The spirals glowed as bright as the sun that had yet to fall below the horizon, a sign that this planet spun a lot slower than the Terran standard.
 Rays of light bounced from spiral to spiral until it engulfed the entire city. The lights then began to pulse in unison as if they followed the beat of a drum. The pulsing pattern mesmerized Ves and Lucky, and if not for taking a lot of steps back, he might have temporarily blinded himself.
 This time, the city gained a sufficient amount of energy. A small portal emerged above the sky. Ves could tell it was a portal straight away because it led to another location entirely. The portal cut a circular portion the size of his head straight above the center of the city at what looked to be some kind of open temple ground.
 "Is this a religious ceremony of some sorts?"
 The mystery deepened as Ves cautiously walked closer in order to peek at the other side of the portal.
 It was dark there. Only the lights from the city illuminated the terrain on the other side. The portal on the other side appeared to look down on an empty plane that might have been the other side of the planet.
 No spiral city existed at the other side. It was completely empty except for a single depression in the middle. The bowl in the ground appeared to house some sort of monument made out of alloy.
 The object resembled a series of runes that strung out into an alien sentence. If scaled to a human, it would have been as large as a house. As for now, he could comfortably pick it up with his hands if he felt inclined to do so.
 Nothing else appeared on the other side of the portal. Just as Ves lost interest, Lucky became excited all of a sudden. His cat meowed and jumped from his shoulders and flew straight towards the portal.
 "Lucky! It’s dangerous!"
 Ves hesitated to come forward but eventually gritted his teeth and spent his diminishing amount of power to activate his suit’s antigrav modules. Unfortunately, he couldn’t keep up with Lucky’s speed.
 His cat deftly reached the portal and squeezed his body through the other side without bumping at the edges. Once he reached the other side, Lucky cut the base of the monument with his energy claws. The alien alloys parted easily this time, allowing Lucky to grab onto the runes with its teeth.
 Once he secured the monument, Lucky manipulated the gravity being exerted on his body and flew back to the portal. He quickly emerged back above the crystal city before its energy fizzled out and the disappeared into the void.
 "That was close, Lucky! What if you became trapped on the other side!"
 Lucky behaved as if he never heard his scoldings and bumped the monument into his grip. Ves looked at the thing with a strange expression.
 "What is this?"
 Although he called it a monument, it might not have served such a purpose to the aliens that originally constructed it. Why would they go through the trouble of constructing a crystal city that could open a portal to another place entirely? Why would they leave nothing behind on the other side except for this string of runes?
 As he inspected the metallic monument, he realized that the monument’s runes corresponded to the runes placed across the city.
 "Is this a key somehow?"
 Ves had the sense that he got ahold of a passphrase that allowed him to unlock a secured data pad. He frowned a bit. All of this smelled like a puzzle or a test. What kind of alien species was bored enough to set all of this up?
 These long-dead alien pranksters left a hell of a mess behind for him. If he wanted to make some progress, he had to follow the clues laid out before him. The runes looked like a good start.
 "Hitting the spiral structures with a laser activates a mechanism. Since the rune monuments in the city are made out of the same kind of crystal, then I bet that they can be activated in the same way."
 The aliens erected hundreds of rune monuments, each with their own unique shapes. Ves had already tasked his hazard suit to map them all out, so he understood their distribution.
 Looking up from above, the runes corresponded with a spiral, but in the shape of a galaxy. It didn’t quite conform to the galaxy’s appearance in modern times, which made him suspect that this species must have lived an extremely long time ago.
 "How many hundreds of millions of years have passed? This city stands as timeless as ever. How come it hasn’t been buried beneath a mound of soil?"
 Perhaps this planet used to be dotted with crystal cities, but time and neglect had buried them all under the forest and the soil.
 "Maybe the place I originally emerged from also contains a means to go back."
 If the crystal city didn’t offer any solution, then he could only return to the deadly forest and excavate some clues from there.
 He stepped closer to the city and tried to touch a crystal rune monument, only for his fingers to slip right through them. "Seems like they can’t harm anything in a dormant state."
 Ves stepped back again and shot a random monument.
 Just like with the spirals, the rune monument glowed and pulsed in white. It persisted in this behavior for over ten minutes before fizzling out.
 "I see. Nothing happens if only one of them is active."
 He thought he should be able to get a result if he transferred power to the correct sequence of runes within this timespan. Ves looked back at the metallic string of runes in his hand and started to gain a headache?
 "Do the aliens read from left or right, or right from left? Do I need to read top to bottom or bottom to top?"
 What would happen if he lighted up the wrong sequence? What if he blasphemed the tiny alien’s religion by enacting their ritual in reverse?
 After several minutes of procrastinating, Ves decided to go out on a limb and read the runes from left to right, going down a row at the end.
 He started to raise his Amastendira. Hopefully, he didn’t invite a cataclysm with this experiment.
 When Ves was about to fire the rune monuments in the sequence displayed by the key, he suddenly removed his finger from the trigger.
 "Wait a minute. Am I missing an opportunity here?"
 He looked back on his recent experiences and realized he only fixated on the danger. The fearful environment, dangerous organisms and incomprehensible alien ruins had pushed him out of his comfort zone. He became so sensitive to danger that he only thought about getting back as soon as possible.
 "There’s no question that it’s dangerous here, but am I really at risk right now?"
 His semi-corporeal form had already saved him from being electrocuted by the storm trees and being eaten by a giant clawed worm. It might be able to save him from every other threat on this planet.
 He hadn’t considered taking advantage of his unusual state up to this point. Now that he calmed down, he thought that it would be a waste to miss the opportunity in front of him. How could he forget that the crystal city was a product of a highly-developed alien civilization?
 It was chock full of advanced technology!
 "Danger and fortune goes hand in hand!"
 The Komodo Star Sector fostered a lively community of treasure hunters and fortune seekers. They constantly plowed the unclaimed space beyond the star sector for the opportunity to encounter rich exotic deposits or the remains of alien races.
 Ves had practically hit the jackpot! If he didn’t reminded himself of that, he might have left without picking up the prize!
 "This is a marvel of alien engineering." He exclaimed. His eyes gazed hungrily at the dormant crystal city scaled for an alien species that he could easily pinch with his hands.
 Diminutive they might be, their mastery of materials, electromagnetic radiation and spacetime surpassed the standard of the Komodo Star Sector by a very wide margin. If Ves took some time to study these ruins, he might be able to decipher some of the principles that underpinned the crystal city!
 "This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!"
 Ves understood that humans actually didn’t invent most of the technologies they used to this day. Although their race possessed a formidable capacity for research, they derived most of their advancements from reverse engineering the efforts of other advanced races.
 There was nothing wrong with this approach. Many of these ancient alien species used to be formidable, but almost none of them survived to the present. Rather than reinvent the wheel, humanity might as well take a shortcut by stealing the homework of their seniors.
 The Age of Conquest had only been a smashing success due to the theft of many alien technologies, such as the FTL drives.
 By now, most alien technologies had already been fully explained by the top researchers of the galaxy, but that didn’t mean the knowledge was available to everyone. The MTA, CFA and the first-rate superstates monopolized the most groundbreaking technologies, leaving everyone else with an insurmountable disparity.
 Hence the need to explore other ruins. The big players provided lavish rewards for anyone who discovered wholly new technologies.
 Sadly, humanity had already seen practically everything the galaxy could produce, so realistically it wasn’t possible to surprise them anyone. The big boys only provided a modest reward to those who handed over alien technology that they could already reproduce themselves.
 Still, even if the MTA and CFA already understood the principles, they still held a lot of value to the smaller players such as the Friday Coalition or the Bright Republic.
 Something as strange as teleportation and portal generation should be of prime interest to these states.
 Ves didn’t plan on revealing this treasure to anyone.
 "First, I don’t even know what triggered the decahedron. It’s unlikely I can replicate the phenomenon again and return to this virgin planet."
 He had to make the most out of this accidental trip. He wasn’t a professional treasure hunter, after all. He still had to design a new mech and grow his company.
 "Second, I won’t gain much of an advantage if I share these technologies."
 Many stories circulated from the frontier on how treasure hunters got stiffed by their clients. The disparity in power between a bunch of nobodies and the apparatus of a state meant that anyone who offered technology had to swallow their ambitions.
 Most of the time, the technology in question wasn’t remarkable enough to foster mutual competition between states. It was nice to get to know it, but they wouldn’t go the extra mile to attain it. Established states already possessed sufficient confidence in their technology base.
 Unless he could explain and reproduce the ability to generate a portal, Ves figured that the Bright Republic wouldn’t attach any importance to his discoveries.
 "It’s better to keep my advancements to myself."
 Many older mech designers often kept their specialties to themselves. The technologies they grasped might not be unique in the perspective of the galaxy, but they likely wouldn’t have to face a direct competitor that mastered the same advancements.
 "This is a way for me to step ahead of the competition."
 In light of his intentions to design a rifleman mech, what would be better than to enhance his laser rifles with a new mode of laser propagation?
 Not only that, by studying the way in which these crystal builders utilized light, he might be able to enhance his gamma laser rifle and thereby exceed the grading standards of the System’s upgrade mission.
 "The System always gives me something good whenever I go the extra mile."
 From his long interactions with the System, he knew that this ice-cold machine couldn’t be cheated. On the other hand, it also wouldn’t hold back if Ves aligned with its ideals.
 "Let’s start grasping the inner workings of these ruins."
 Ves approached the crystal city. Even though his state protected him from physical damage, he hadn’t ruled out the possibility that the crystal builders mastered a way to harm energy beings.
 Nothing happened, thankfully.
 He pulled out a portable multiscanner from the toolbelt attached to his hazard suit and began to sample the crystals.
 The dinky little thing beeped in alarm.
 ERROR. UNIDENTIFIABLE SUBSTANCE DETECTED.
 Ves waited and waited, but the scanner only managed to measure some basic properties such as the dimensions and the opacity of the crystal. The machine lacked the capability to accomplish anything more, such as telling him what the crystals actually consisted of.
 "Too weak!"
 This wasn’t any regular old multiscanner! He took it from the Barracuda’s lab! This multiscanner had been built according to the standard of a second-rate state.
 He frowned at the scanner. "These ruins are too advanced for this scanner. The only way for me to get results is if I get something bigger or something higher tech."
 Not every treasure hunter possessed the funds to afford a fancy multiscanner. They often compensated by buying a large, shuttle-sized multiscanner. Their larger size afforded these devica lot more power and capabilities, and essentially brute-forced their way towards understanding the things they measured.
 Ves hadn’t expected to go on a treasure hunting expedition when he travelled to the Joe System. If he knew something like this would happen, he wouldn’t have left behind the large-scale multiscanner back at Cloudy Curtain.
 As for a portable multiscanner that offered more strength than the one he currently held, Ves had no chance of obtaining anything better. The Friday Coalition definitely developed better models, but they never sold them to foreigners.
 "Wait a second. I still have another source."
 He couldn’t forget about the System! The convenience it brought to Ves couldn’t be understated. Even if he was cut off from civilization and taken away to a completely unknown planet, he could still buy his way out of a problem.
 Perhaps Ves could even return to the Joe System if he bought the correct item!
 "Now is not the time to be too anxious. I can think about returning home later. I should first find a way to increase my benefits."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 He activated the System and went to the Store page. Since he already destroyed all the spy bugs, he didn’t bother activating his Privacy Shield. Ves quickly browsed the multiscanner section of the Store and came across a variety models. His face quickly turned a little black.
 "A hundred-million DP?! Really? Why show something like that to me?!"
 Many of the multiscanners offered by the Store made him drool, but their exorbitant price tag scared him off. He had no choice but to consider something cheaper.
 "I currently have over 130,000 DP, so I can still buy something that’s reasonably capable."
 He checked out both the large-scale scanners and the portable versions. The large-scale scanners promised much better performance, but Ves wasn’t inclined to buy them due to their bulk.
 "This won’t be the last time I’ll come across something strange. A portable multiscanner is an essential tool for treasure hunters and mech designers alike. It’s best to start investing early in this kind of gear."
 After half an hour of browsing, Ves had made his choice.
 [Vulcaneye - Multiscanner - Level 1]
 Price - 100,000 DP
 This multi-functional scanner is able to scan and determine the parameters of a large number of substances. It contains over a thousand different measuring modes and it is extremely sensitive up to the nanometer scale.
 The level 1 Eye of Vulcan contains a database of over a hundred-thousand different exotic materials. If the Vulcaneye encounters any unknown material, it will update its database and slightly improve its scanning capabilities.
 The Vulcaneye caught his attention due to its upgradability. Not every item offered by the Store possessed this trait. From his understanding of the Store, the items that provided this option usually started weak, but became incredibly formidable when it reached its tenth or higher upgrade tier.
 The only downside was that their costs exceeded every other item in the same tier. They weren’t really cost effective in terms of DP. The only reason why Ves hung on the Vulcaneye was the possibility of fostering its growth if he bought it early.
 "It’s much like Lucky. Any piece of technology can be improved along the way."
 He could even use his Special Upgrade Voucher (Machine) on the Vulcaneye if it came down to it. Ves had been saving the ticket due to a lack of viable options. Most of the important machines he owned were either too large or too advanced for the voucher to display its full value.
 "If this scanner isn’t advanced enough to resolve the crystals, I can always use up my voucher."
 This would be his safety net. It decreased the risk of making a 100,000 DP mistake. After all, a non-upgradeable scanner only cost him half as much. Ves essentially gambled that the extra 50,000 DP paid off handsomely in the future.
 "This is an investment. I shouldn’t be too sparing with my DP at this point."
 He gritted his teeth and confirmed the purchase. He put aside his old scanner and grabbed hold of the newer one. It appeared a lot slimmer and the scanner module affixed to its front looked like a burning eye.
 "Vulcaneye indeed. Let’s see if the gaze of a god can make sense of these crystals."
 When Ves pointed the Vulcaneye at the nearest crystal spiral, the gadget instantly projected a whole laundry list of data. The raw data confused him for a bit, but he quickly became ecstatic once he realized that the Vulcaneye easily smashed through the crystal substance’s mysterious defenses.
 Ves began to pour over the wealth of data projected by the scanner. He also saved a copy of the readouts to his comm for later study.
 While he obsessively scanned different crystals from different angles, Lucky began to grow bored and wandered around the inert crystal ruins. The cat yawned and began to rest his body in the middle of the temple at the center of the city.
 Ves had no time to play with his pet. The scans excited him beyond measure and pushed beyond the limits of his existing base of knowledge. While he couldn’t make sense of most of the readings right now, he still retained a modest reserve of DP.
 "Should I still save up the rest of my points?"
 Ves always treated his DP like treasures. After a spate of troubles early in his career, Ves developed the habit of retaining a reserve of DP.
 Points meant power. He could immediately spend his DP on a variety of benefits, from extra Skills to life-saving objects.
 Ever since he’d been whisked away by an unknown alien gadget, Ves unconsciously treated his DP as a final failsafe. If he couldn’t find a way to get back home, he’d spend his way out of this fix.
 The more DP he saved up, the higher the odds of escaping this perilous situation. Many objects became available once he saved up more than 100,000 DP.
 Right now, he temporarily shut that door by buying the Vulcaneye. While he could still come up with a couple of solutions with the 30,000 DP he had left, his options became a lot more limited.
 "If nothing else, I can still wait until my points climb back up."
 The LMC, EME and Vaun constantly sold a substantial number of mechs each day. Each sale generated a little bit of DP, so as long as the Blackbeak design stood strong, he didn’t have to worry about his income stream.
 "If I don’t spend anything now, I’ll regret it later on."
 What was the use of holding back his spending at this point? He constantly saved it up in order to respond to any threats beyond his capability to solve.
 Yet at his current state, Ves feared very few threats. His shield generator and intangible state neutralized most attacks while Lucky and the Amastendira could kill anything that posed a threat to him. Did he truly require an additional safeguard?
 "Let’s take this opportunity while I can. It’s never unjust for me to invest in my Skills."
 His Skills broadened his knowledge and remained useful throughout his entire lifetime. The Skills and Sub-Skills he planned to acquire not only helped him understand the crystal city, but also came into use when he moved back to his design projects.
 As Ves worked to scan and understand the readers, he bought a number of different Skills from the store.
 [Materials Science - Incompetent]: 200 DP
 [Materials Science - Novice]: 500 DP
 [Materials Science - Apprentice]: 1000 DP
 [Materials Science - Journeyman]: 2000 DP
 [Crystallography I]: 2000 DP
 [Crystallography II]: 4000 DP
 Ves acquired another major Skill by acquiring Materials Science and upgrading it directly to Journeyman. At his level of Intelligence, the enormous influx of knowledge and data hardly strained his mind at this point.
 He needed this Skill in order to understand the readings of the crystals in their inactive states. He also threw in Crystallography I and II in his shopping list because he realized that he was dealing with a complicated composite crystal made out of several exotic and mundane materials.
 "It’s not a monolithic block of crystal. It’s actually something of an array. I just can’t see it with the naked eye because it’s all transparent."
 The discoveries continued to fascinate him as he peeled back layer after layer of their inner workings. He suspected that the highly complex patterns and arrays acted as circuits that acted according to the intentions of the designers of this creation.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "Deciphering these circuits is beyond me." He shook his head. He had to take a step back and focus on the materials and they way they interacted with energy. "I’ll be satisfied if I can figure out how it’s able to manipulate light."
 Ves suspected that the circuits formed part of a massive system responsible for generating portals. They likely carried out a lot of other functions as well, but Ves knew his limits.
 Once he stopped gaining any harvests from scanning the crystals, he considered scanning them when they entered an excited state.
 "Lucky! Get out of the city!"
 His cat appeared to have fallen asleep. Ves had to float to the center of the tiny city and haul his cat out of the danger spot. Lucky instantly woke up and yowled at being drawn away from his comfortable perch.
 "Just stay put over here, will you?"
 After Ves dumped his cranky pet well outside the city, he began to perform his first experiment. He shot a random rune monument at the edge with his Amastendira, causing it to light up without affecting any of the other crystal structures.
 He then proceeded to point his Vulcaneye at it. The rune monument’s active state provided his multiscanner with a lot more data, most of which muddled his mind. Since he still had some DP left over, he might as well solve his confusion with more lavish spending!
 [Optics I]: 200 DP
 [Optics II]: 1000 DP
 [Optics III]: 4000 DP
 [Crystal Laser Propagation I]: 2000 DP
 [Crystal Laser Propagation II]: 5000 DP
 The cost of the Optics Sub-Skills ramped up hard, but Ves urgently needed the knowledge to make sense of the way the crystals treated electromagnetic radiation.
 While it helped a lot in finding out how the crystals focused their output, it didn’t explain how the crystals converted other sources of energy and turned them into potentially deadly light. After a brief rundown of his Skill Tree, he settled on Crystal Laser Propagation and immediately upgraded the expensive Sub-Skill to the second tier.
 Ves discovered that the crystals could even convert pure electricity to light, so they were definitely able to propagate lasers.
 "This is what I’m looking for? I have to understand this process!"
 Crystal Laser Propagation II provided him with enough knowledge to crack the mystery! The veil in his mind had finally been parted!
 The workings of the crystal was exceedingly complicated, and Ves only brushed the surface of how it worked. Still, what he gained up to this point more than made up for his extravagant spending!
 "I understand now! It works like this! Hahahaha!"
 He always enjoyed it when he learned something new. Now that he grasped something exclusive to most of his peers in the mech industry, how could he be reserved?
 To make the long story short, Ves learned a number of new tricks. First, as long as he reproduced the basic makeup of the crystal, he’d be able to repurpose it into any kind of laser weapon no matter the scale.
 The crystal functionally replaced at least half of the internal mechanisms of a laser weapon. While the expense would be considerable, it took up much less space than conventional solutions.
 What did this mean?
 He freed up a lot of space for additional features such as larger batteries and heat sinks! He’d be able to pile them up while avoiding any bloat!
 Ves thought about how such a weapon looked like. His cheer disappeared somewhat when he realized that such laser rifles already existed in the Komodo Star Sector.
 "I’m not the first one who came up with this."
 In fact, some of the more expensive mainstream models wielded laser rifles that worked on the same principles. The crystals that formed the core of their weapon’s performance might utilize vastly different materials and patterns, but the principles that governed their workings shouldn’t be any different.
 Ves cursed at the alien city. "Stupid aliens! Invent something original next time!"
 It couldn’t be helped. The fallen alien race wasn’t to blame for this outcome. The human race advanced too much and worked out the principles behind too many pieces of alien technology.
 "Even if I’m not the first one who discovered these principles, I still obtained enough of an advantage."
 Knowledge about these special crystals should be hard to come by. Ves bet that not even the Clifford Society offered anything like this in their Moon Library. Leemar’s club of talents didn’t hesitate to offer basic knowledge, but it always kept the best for their inner circle.
 After deciphering the special crystals, he also understood why it hadn’t become ubiquitous in the Bright Republic.
 "It’s extremely hard to design these crystals. It’s even harder to fabricate them, and expensive to boot."
 Without understanding all of the theory behind it, anyone who tried to pirate it would likely end up wasting their time. Only true understanding opened the way towards employing the special crystals in their own products.
 Ves was very glad with his harvest up to this point. He finally put away the Vulcaneye because he didn’t think he could learn anything else. He already scanned the city from top to bottom, so he could always study the readings later.
 Right now, Ves hungered for a different kind of harvest.
 Through his extensive studies of the crystal city, Ves gained the idea that the rune monuments acted as a variable input mechanism.
 "It’s too extravagant to place hundreds of runes but only use a dozen of them or so. Even if it’s some kind of lock or puzzle, it still doesn’t justify the cost."
 While he couldn’t make any judgements on the rationality of the crystal builders, he thought they should not be wasteful to that extent. The crystal city appeared to be a marvel of efficiency. The crystal builders hardly devoted any space for leisure or other activities.
 Thus, if they built extra runes, they definitely served a purpose. And Ves thought he grasped the secret.
 "It’s much like a keyboard. The runes present certain meanings, and by lighting them up one by one, I can form a complex meaning out of any number of simple ones."
 The only problem was that Ves had no clue on how the rune language worked. He was a complete stranger with regards to this long-dead alien construction.
 He decided to employ the dumbest method of testing them out. He’d shoot a random sequence of runes and see what the crystal city spat out.
 "It’s not like I can be harmed. I can keep activating the runes until my laser pistol runs out."
 The Amastendira never ran out of charge as long as Ves rationed its power carefully.
 Since he put down most of his worries, he enacted his makeshift plan.
 Ves shot fifteen runes in succession, the same amount depicted by the key. He didn’t choose any of the runes displayed by the recovered object, though. If it turned out this sequence brought him back home, then he didn’t wish to trigger this procedure early.
 After lighting up the fifteenth rune, the crystal spirals began to glow as well.
 Sure enough, the crystal city accepted a fixed input of fifteen runes.
 Light stretched out from the fifteen runes and hit a number of different spirals. Some spirals got hit by multiple beams of light. Once the rune monuments kept up their channeling for a couple of minutes, something majestic happened.
 The spirals shot out several beams of light straight towards Ves and Lucky! The beams ran through both of them and scorched the ground underneath their feet!
 Lucky panicked and jumped and Ves almost pissed his pants. If not for their intangibility, the lasers might have fried them to a crisp. That was close!
 "These aliens sure didn’t mess around."
 Even after their death and descent into obscurity, these tiny aliens hadn’t held back their hostility.
 After Ves calmed down Lucky and his own heart, he began to try again. He shot out another random sequence of fifteen runes, making sure to record their shapes and the order in which he lighted them up.
 This time, a different set of spirals lighted up. His hopes momentarily went up, but quickly fell back down when the spirals attempted to kill him again.
 "That’s a dud."
 He proceeded to repeat this experiment again and again. He held a faint misconception that he was constantly buying lottery tickets that failed to deliver any prizes. The only reason why he kept on buying them was because he could buy them for free.
 The only thing he really spent was time.
 "As long as I have time, I don’t see why I can’t win!"
 He tried out hundreds of sequences. It became such a chore that he stopped keeping track of which runes he hit and at what order he hit them. It hardly mattered as the chance of hitting the exact same runes was minimal.
 The spirals shot at him so many times that the ground beneath him had become charred beyond recognition.
 The crystal city finally displayed a different reaction at the 865th attempt. For once, the spirals didn’t shoot at him. Instead, it opened up another portal in the sky above the temple. This time, it led to a different location.
 Ves vaguely imagined sitting in front of his terminal trying to browse the galactic net by pressing fifteen random keys.
 The difference between browsing the galactic net and trying his luck with the crystal city was that the former at least returned something.
 As for Ves, it took more than half a standard day to persist in his gambling. It had been incredibly mind-numbing for him to repeat the same routine for more than eight-hundred times.
 At the very least, Ves got to practice his marksmanship. He began to get used to wielding the large but elegant Amastendira. Despite being a little larger than a regular laser pistol, it weighed remarkably little.
 He had the sense the gunsmith made it for a woman. As a designer himself, he easily picked up the clues. The weapon carried a feminine touch that would put any woman at ease once they wielded the Amastendira.
 Still, it had also been designed for an expert. The complete lack of targeting systems and aim assistance made the weapon difficult to hack, but the wielder had to rely on their own skills to make the best of the weapon.
 His marksmanship hadn’t improved all that much even with all of the practice. He possessed no talent in this area at all, though part of it could be blamed on his below-average dexterity. He did managed to get comfortable with wielding the Amastendira. The muscle memory he built up would allow him to wield the weapon with much less hesitation during battle.
 "There’s got to be a purpose in these runes. So long as the light beams can’t hurt me, I should keep going."
 Evidently, the crystal city’s ’galactic net’ was a lot smaller than that of humanity. It took more than eight-hundred random lottery draws for Ves to draw a prize.
 Ves had not expected the crystal city to open another portal. He walked closer to the city with Lucky in tow and peered through the gap.
 This time, the portal led to a lifeless moon-like area. The area beyond the portal was obviously in some sort of vacuum environment, but the portal somehow prevented the air from this side to leak to the other side.
 "These aren’t simple portals. There’s a lot more going on behind the scenes."
 Ves quickly whipped up the Vulcaneye and began to scan the active rune monuments and crystal spires as well as the small portal. His fancy new multiscanner hadn’t failed him so far and spat out a bunch of raw data that he saved into logs for later study.
 Just a simple glance at the data from the Vulcaneye’s observation of the portal made him dizzy. This was far beyond his range of expertise.
 "There’s no point for me to understand this stuff."
 He closed the projection of the readouts and let the Vulcaneye work on its own. Instead, he turned his attention to what lay at the other side of the portal.
 To the small-statured aliens, the moonscape appeared to host some kind of palace. The majestic structure adopted a very different aesthetic standard than the crystal city. The crystal possessed a blue-ish tint and the palace incorporated a lot of hexagonal shapes.
 It looked like a honeycomb gone mad.
 "Did it belong to a different ethnic group or class? Or a separate state?"
 He lacked the context to figure out the relations between the crystal city and the crystal palace, but obviously the two shared some relations. Why else would the crystal city possess a rune sequence that led to this moon?
 In any case, Ves figured the crystal palace might be hiding something good. He wasn’t about to let the tiny portal stop him from attempting to loot what looked to be another alien ruin.
 "Even if the crystal city is empty, I don’t believe the aliens cleaned up every ruin."
 This time, the portal on the side of the moon hovered fairly close above the crystal palace. While he could still stretch out his arm through the portal, he didn’t want to take the risk of cutting off his limb when the portal abruptly closed.
 "It’s safer for me to find out first how long the portal lasts."
 Ves waited for another two minutes before the glowing crystal spirals dimmed and the portal fizzled.
 The portal lasted a little bit less than three minutes.
 He suspected that this might not be the end of it. Ves shot the same sequence of runes again, but this time he used a higher power setting on the Amastendira. Fortunately, his comm had recorded every sequence and even pointed out the location and order of the runes.
 Once the portal emerged yet again, Ves patiently waited at the sides with a timer keeping track of how long it stayed open.
 This time, the portal lasted over five minutes.
 "So my guess is correct. The portals last longer as long as I pump more power into the crystal city."
 While he expected this result, he actually hoped for a different outcome. At this time, the portal was only wide enough to squeeze his head through the gap, and only if he took off his hazard suit’s helmet.
 The diameter of this portal was more than ample enough for the crystal builders to convey an army or a convoy of transports. It was wholly inadequate for Ves to slip to the other side without cutting himself into a sausage.
 He did not want to find out what would happen to him if he brushed the edges of the portal.
 "Alright Lucky. Go on and dig out that palace. If you see anything interesting, bring it back to me."
 Lucky resentfully meowed at him, but obeyed his instructions anyway. Ves re-opened the portal again with fifteen powerful laser beams. That should provide Lucky with an ample amount of time to root out the crystal palace.
 Once the portal stabilized, Lucky curiously flew to the other side. He momentarily lost control due to the lack of air resistance and the differences in gravity, but he quickly regained control of his floating body.
 His cat looked around a bit and didn’t spot anything on this moonscape besides the palace. Lucky floated to the top of the palace and curiously landed his paw at it. The limb went straight through the hexagonal roof as if it didn’t exist, but Lucky didn’t let that stop him. A faint glow appeared on the limb and this time the cat managed to pat the roof.
 Nothing happened. Ves figured if the crystal palace possessed any defenses, it had long been drained of any power. Unless Ves shot his Amastendira at the palace, it shouldn’t be able to rouse any defenses.
 "Wait a moment." Ves abruptly realized an important fact. "Why is Lucky able to touch the crystal palace all of a sudden?"
 He realized that Lucky had already done something similar by cutting off the rune key monument in his previous portal jaunt. Ves hadn’t thought about it back then, but now it was more than obvious that Lucky possessed a way to interact with the material world if he chose to. How did he do it?
 Then he thought back to the time on the Glowing Planet when Lucky repelled the semi-corporeal devourer king with his energy claws. His cat already gained the ability to straddle the divide between the lower and higher dimensions back then.
 "Is that because he ate all of those exotics and Rorach’s Bone?"
 Lucky hadn’t eaten any of the higher grades of Rorach’s Bone at the time. After that, he ate a whole bunch of medium-grade ores as well as a sumptuous piece of high-grade Rorach’s Bone.
 "Rorach’s Bone is especially valuable because it’s one of the few exotic materials that’s able to facilitate and amplify the resonance between a mech pilot and his mech."
 What did resonance actually mean?
 "Does it refer to spirituality?"
 Ves recalled that Lucky’s status contained a skill called Spirituality I. Was this the secret to resonance, the X-Factor and semi-corporeality?
 A bomb exploded in his mind as various clues, suspicions, inferences and conclusions melded together into a single overarching hypothesis.
 Ever since the System set him on the path to understanding the X-Factor, he always felt he tread a path that few had ever walked. Even if others suspected that spirituality lay at the root of these amazing phenomena, humanity possessed no means to observe or interact with this nebulous concept.
 Only Ves gained the ability to interact with this concept because he possessed a nascent sixth sense. As one of the few people who could see in a crowd of blinded people, he constantly progressed towards a unifying set of assumptions that he could tentatively gather into a convincing theory.
 Right now, it was if the last pieces of the puzzle had filled the gaps that annoyed him for ages. If Ves previously parted the veil, now he fully managed to pull back the curtain.
 "It’s all in the mind!"
 As Lucky attempted to chip away at the crystal palace with his energy claws, Ves turned his attention inward as his knowledge on Spirituality finished sublimating in his mind.
 An unprecedented feeling of satisfaction ran through his intangible body. He felt as if he solved a problem that trillions of humans had puzzled over ever since the Age of Mechs came into being.
 No one understood how Apprentice Mech Designers advanced into Journeyman Mech Designers. Similarly, neither did humanity figure out how to transform an advanced mech pilot into an expert mech pilot.
 Ves believed that both of these rare and highly-valued professions required a breakthrough into a person’s spirituality. Mech designers had to possess spirituality to design a mech that fostered resonance, while mech pilots used spirituality to activate the resonance lying dormant in their mechs.
 "I see now! They’re both connected!"
 He already uncovered the pieces, but fitting them altogether required a bold step in thinking. Even though Ves hadn’t fully tested out his hypotheses, he strongly believed he was on the right track.
 The importance of his conclusions couldn’t be overstated. The issues that Ves figured out had stumped humanity for over four-hundred years. If humanity had already mastered spirituality, then a lot more higher-tiered mech pilots would exist at this time.
 "Right now, even the mightiest human entities in the galaxy can’t reliably pump out expert mech pilots."
 Sure, compared to a tiny state like the Bright Republic, the big boys like the MTA and the first-rate superstates had a lot more elite pilots on their retainer. But that was simply a function of their influence and the amount of people they could draw on.
 The MTA recruited their mech pilots from all of human space, while the first-rate superstates occupied the largest and most densely populated star sectors. If Ves looked at the amount of elite pilots relative to the total population, then the more prosperous states and organisations didn’t hold an overwhelming advantage in this area.
 In his eyes, their much-vaunted secret training regimes had a lot of things in common with quackery and superstition. They fumbled blindly in the dark and figured out a handful of tricks that increased the odds of allowing an advanced mech pilot to make a breakthrough to the next tier.
 Ves had progressed beyond that stage. Had his breakthrough been enough to finally receive the System’s acknowledgment? He quickly summoned up his Status.
 [Status]
 Name: Ves Larkinson
 Profession: Apprentice Mech Designer
 Specializations: None
 Design Points: 8,353
 Attributes
 Strength: 1.3
 Dexterity: 0.8
 Endurance: 1.9
 Intelligence: 1.8
 Creativity: 1.9
 Concentration: 1.7
 Spirituality: 0.4
 Neural Aptitude: F
 Skills
 [Assembly]: Journeyman - [3D Printer Proficiency III] [Assembler Proficiency III]
 [Battle Mechatronics]: Apprentice - [Knight Mech Mastery I]
 [Business]: Apprentice
 [Computer Science]: Incompetent
 [Electrical Engineering]: Journeyman - [Structural Pathway Configuration III] - [Energy Storage IV] - [Conductors III]
 [Materials Science]: Journeyman - [Crystallography II] [Crystal Laser Propagation II]
 [Mathematics]: Journeyman
 [Mechanics]: Journeyman - [Jury Rigging III] [Speed Tuning IV]
 [Metallurgy]: Journeyman - [Alloy Compression III]
 [Metaphysics]: Novice - [X-Factor II]
 [Physics]: Journeyman - [Directed Energy Weapon Optimization II] [Gamma Laser Weapons I] [Lightweight Armor Optimization I] [Mediumweight Armor Optimization IV] [Melee Weapon Optimization IV] [Rapid-Fire Laser Weapon Operation II] [Optics III]
 [Salvaging]: Apprentice
 [Signals and Communications]: Journeyman
 Abilities
 [Superpublish]: Available. Can be activated once a year.
 Evaluation: A post-human mech designer pioneering the field of metaphysics.
 He did it! His Metaphysics Skill had advanced to Novice! The System also acknowledged his achievements in the X-Factor by turning it into a formal Sub-Skill.
 "What’s this? Another Attribute?"
 His Attribute section received a curious new addition. "Only 0.4 Spirituality? Oh come on!"
 Ves understood that all the other Attributes scaled around 1. A score of 1 meant his Attribute was average compared to the rest of humanity.
 The abnormally low score of 0.4 in the case of Spirituality obviously didn’t fit in with this standard. Unless an entire civilizations of humans existed with a formidable amount of strength in this Attribute, Ves figured that the System didn’t wish to inflate his current strength.
 Indeed, Ves had a lot more to go before he could imitate Lucky’s strengths.
 It was only a matter of time before he made these discoveries, but it certainly helped to grasp this concept early. Most importantly, Ves had gathered more clues to break through his perennial bottleneck in achieving a B-graded X-Factor.
 "Spirituality is a lot more intertwined in our society than I thought." Ves concluded.
 Humans ruled over half of the galaxy with the might of its warships, but they competed against each other with the use of mechs. Every state made it a priority to cultivate talented mech pilots into experts and aces.
 That they managed to convert a fraction of mech pilots into the realm of the elites could be attributed to their occasional successes amid countless failures. In the early days of the Age of Mechs, a lot of horror stories emerged that revealed the extent that people went through to enhance their military force.
 "I can consider these matters at a later time." Ves shook his head. He still had an alien ruin to excavate.
 With the help of his spirituality, Lucky had managed to pry apart the roof of the tiny hexagonal palace. His cat resembled a bear trying to break open a honeycomb in order to steal some honey.
 Bits and pieces of tiny crystal furniture dotted the rooms inside. Neither Ves nor Lucky paid any interest in them after figuring out they served as tables and chairs.
 Lucky continued to dig through the upper floors, but encountered a lot of resistance from the blue crystals.
 At least they weren’t indestructible like the transparent crystals. Their slightly lower grade gave them hope that they could uncover something valuable.
 "This must be a lesser side influence in the alien society."
 The longer he interacted with the alien ruins, the more he understood their society. Ves guessed that the crystal city acted as a capital or a final refuge of some sorts. It would explain the existence of the rune monuments and the effort the aliens had made in creating a portal system.
 Ves found it regretful that they hadn’t left anything behind in the crystal city. At some point, they evacuated it, taking away anything that hadn’t been affixed to the city.
 "The aliens sure built them to be tough. They couldn’t even dismantle them in their haste to evacuate the city."
 He was certain the crystals possessed extremely remarkable properties. Ves had succeeded in deriving their composition and structure with his Vulcaneye. As long as he figured out a way to reproduce it, he’d be able to create an extremely powerful substance that could act as both an armor system and laser propagator.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Even if he lacked the capabilities to reproduce the exact formula, he could still attempt to derive a lesser version if he substituted the rarer exotics with less valuable ones. Such experiments happened all the time.
 "I recall that Master Katzenberg from Leemar is a specialist in this area."
 Perhaps if he submitted his readings to Katzenberg, she’d be able to come up with a host of different substitutions. However, Ves did not possess a direct channel to the prestigious Master Mech Designer.
 "I can always attempt to fumble around on my own. If I haven’t achieved any results, I can always pass on the data to someone else."
 Data that he couldn’t use held no value to him. He might as well sell it or exchange it for something useful, although he would only receive a fraction of its true value.
 "Lucky! Go dig the left compartment! I think there’s a storeroom there!"
 The palace appeared to house an affluent household. It contained a lot of rooms, but contained very little furniture in each. Lucky loomed over the tiny palace like a giant tiger about to engulf the inhabitants. Ves found the dichotomy in scale amusing.
 It took Lucky a lot of effort to get past the subsequent layers. Ves even had to call back Lucky before the portal closed before he opened it again. Although he faintly guessed that there should have been a way to sustain the portal, Ves didn’t wish to waste any time to figure out the exact mechanics.
 Lucky finally broke in what looked like a vault after a few more minutes of anxious digging. The vault room contained a lot of miniscule hexagonal blocks that formed the alien race’s version of a resource bar. They were so small in fact that Ves had to employ the magnification function of his hazard suit in order to observe them with his eyes.
 "That’s it! They should be treasures! Bring it back!"
 Before Lucky could do anything, a number of crystals floated from their perches at the sides of the vault. So the palace still retained some defenses after all!
 They angrily blinked and hovered around Lucky before unleashing thin beams of light at what they perceived to be an intruder.
 Naturally, the noodle-thin light beams passed straight through Lucky’s semi-corporeal body and blinked away into space.
 Lucky stared at the defense drones with a playful gaze. His tail swished back and forth as he took little notice of the light beams passing through his body.
 "Stop wasting time! Take care of them quickly before bringing back those treasures!"
 The drones might have been able to threaten a tiny alien, but even Lucky would scoff at them. The substantial difference in size had turned everything made by the aliens into a joke.
 Lucky took care of the drones by swatting them from the air. The drones bounced against the walls and floor of the crystal palace before regaining their balance. They continued to fire at Lucky despite their bumps.
 This time, Lucky employed a different method. He opened his maw and ate all the drones. The gem cat didn’t even chew before swallowing the helpless drones into his matter-coverting stomach.
 Ves looked at Lucky with a crooked gaze. "Are you alright in your head?"
 Lucky ate minerals and excreted gems. If Lucky happened to eat a crystal, would that be considering eating his own...
 Thankfully, his cat showed no signs of being aware of what his owner thought. Lucky opened his maw again and gulped the stacks of materials.
 "Uhh, Lucky. What are you doing?"
 His cat disregarded his transmissions and continued to eat the vault room bare. With a satisfied squint in his eyes, Lucky flew up from the crystal palace and passed through the portal before flying back to Ves. His cat hacked and coughed a little and dropped only a couple hexagonal blocks.
 The pinprick-sized materials fell onto his palm. They seemed so tiny that Ves would easily loose track of them if he dropped them onto the ground.
 Ves stared at Lucky with a scornful gaze. "You could have left a bit more for me."
 "Meow."
 Lucky started grooming his body as if Ves didn’t exist.
 "Forget about it."
 Ves retrieved a container on his toolbelt and deposited the remaining blocks before returning his attention to the crystal palace.
 He waited until the portal winked shut before opening it again by shooting the exact same sequence. After a lot of nagging, Ves managed to get his lazy cat to return to the crystal palace again and finish his excavation of the abandoned structure.
 This time, Lucky failed to uncover anything of value. They hadn’t found any books, resources or machines that Ves could use to uncover any benefits.
 Overall, besides the vault, the crystal palace contained nothing of value. It was another sign that pointed towards a hasty evacuation.
 "Even the aliens that inhabited the crystal palace had to leave in a hurry. Why else leave their vault filled with valuable materials?"
 The aliens evidently hadn’t been able to empty the vault in time before they had to flee. A vault the crystal builders considered to be almost impregnable turned out to be fairly tedious for Lucky to break into.
 It sure felt good to be the giant this time.
 "Well, let’s try again this time."
 Ves took a brief break before he resumed his random activation of the runes. The crystal spires kept being roused and they always attempted to shoot down Ves and Lucky without fail. The ground became to charred and cratered that Ves had to keep moving in order to maintain a stable footing.
 Hundreds of combinations passed by without a diverging result. The aliens really hadn’t programmed many destinations in their portal system. Ves wished he could stay here for years and try out each and every combination, but his obligations to the Republic pushed him to cut this trip short.
 "The Barracuda is currently hiding in another part of the Joe System. She’s scheduled to fly back to my asteroid and check in with me after three more days."
 That meant that Ves had to return to the Joe System before then if he wished to avoid a panic among his crew. His disappearance and all of the recent turbulence in the surrounding asteroids could lead to alarming conclusions that would be hard to explain.
 Ves practically shot the runes on autopilot while his mind drifted off. He continued to refine his theories on Spirituality. He came up with a lot of interesting questions that needed to be answered.
 "What if I can induce spirituality into a mech pilot? Can I turn Melkor into an expert pilot?"
 With an expert pilot leading the Avatars of Myth, Ves would have no more concerns about his safety. The power of an expert pilot vastly outpaced their lesser counterparts if paired with a suitable mech.
 Ves frowned a bit at that last detail. "Even if I can turn Melkor into an expert pilot, I can’t pair him up with a mech that can bring out his strengths. I still have a short way to go before I can advance to a Journeyman Mech Designer."
 Still, now that he gained a rudimentary grip on spirituality, he shouldn’t encounter any obstacles in his next advancement.
 The crystal city abruptly responded differently after Ves shot fifteen different runes for the umpteenth time. The spirals channeled their energies into another portal.
 "It’s about time, you stupid city! Bring me close to something good this time!"
 The portal actually emerged in some kind of peaceful garden estate. The alien aesthetics conformed to an entirely different standard. The crystal city loved to utilize spirals while the crystal palace incorporated a lot of hexagons.
 The garden didn’t make use of any geometric shapes. Instead, the crystals looked like they’d been dug out of the ground. They took on rough and natural shapes, exactly like the natural unprocessed crystals that anyone could mine from a planet.
 Ves called the site a garden due to the abundance of native indigenous flora. Weirdly enough, the plant-like growths looked like they’d been crossed with animals. Their surface was dotted with purple flesh that rhythmically moved according to an unknown pattern. They intertwined the purple crystal houses and structures as if they had married the ruins.
 "This might be dangerous."
 Ves hesitated on whether he should send out Lucky. The growths creeped him out, but he smelled the whiff of treasure inside the houses.
 "The alien who lived here must be very powerful."
 The crystal city wouldn’t have programmed a portal to this destination if someone average lived in this garden. It would have been too much of a waste if the portals led to aliens holding statuses equivalent to gardeners or plumbers.
 The more he thought about it, the more Ves hungered to crack open those abandoned houses.
 He decided to shoot the growths first and see what happened. He extended the Amastendira and aimed at one of the largest purple growth.
 He shot it with a low-powered beam.
 The growths immediately went wild. Its tentacle-leafed like branches flailed in every direction as they tried to smack the source that threatened it. One of the branches reached the portal and smacked it from the sides.
 The branch parted in half. The tip of the branch fell away while the rest of the growth pulled back its branches in fear. Getting one of its limb cut off resulted in a lot more damage than being hit by a laser.
 In fact, the growth hadn’t sustained any damage from the low-powered laser beam at all!
 Could the aliens have cultivated the growths with their crystals? How could they be immune to lasers?
 "If a laser doesn’t, what about a cat?"
 Ves sent out Lucky through the portal and ordered him to slice apart the growths. His cat did so reluctantly. Evidently, the growths didn’t look very appetizing to the pet.
 The sheer disparity in size and power had turned the hybrid growth into shredded plantmeat. This time, they uncovered something surprising underneath the growths.
 They found the corpse of an alien.
 The aliens that built the crystal ruins always fascinated Ves. Through his continued proximity to the crystal city, he imagined an increasingly detailed picture of their race.
 The crystal builders very likely evolved from a terrestrial planet not too divergent from the terran standard. This meant they likely looked like organisms from the terran animal kingdom. Throughout the galaxy, nature often led to the same solutions to the same problems. That was also why humanoid-looking aliens were remarkably common in the galaxy.
 Some radical scientists even believed that some outside force had artificially inflated the prevalence of sexually dimorphic humanoids with two arms, two legs and a head. Of course, no one believed them. The most predominant theory was that the shift from walking on four limbs to walking on two limbs freed up the forelimbs for the usage of tools, which subsequently led to the birth of civilization.
 These kinds of humanoid aliens made up a substantial amount of species in the galaxy.
 The crystal builders happened to be a variant of the standard humanoid form. As Ves peered over the remarkably preserved corpse through the portal, he noted that it was as small as he imagined.
 The tiny corpse possessed a weird face with cavities all around its uneven ball-like shape. Ves couldn’t figure out which senses corresponded with any of the cavities. One hole might turn out to be the mouth while the other could be an ear.
 Its torso possessed a natural hunch, which meant the alien likely walked around while holding a naturally bent posture akin to primates. Nevertheless, their arms were remarkably short and stubby even for their stature, as if they had atrophied through long generations of neglect. Their legs looked lean and normal, with much wider soles and more bend into them in order to stabilize their hunched posture.
 "They look like little puppets."
 Another amusing thought sprang into his mind. He imagined a kid playing around with living crystal builders. The kid grabbed two of them with each hand and smashed them against each other, not caring at all how much he hurt the aliens.
 Ves shook his head. He couldn’t help but belittle these tiny aliens despite their impressive technological achievements. It was human instinct to treat any creature smaller than themselves as toys or pets.
 Such assumptions could be dangerously negligent, as some species of small aliens possessed a lot of might.
 "Lucky, don’t eat the corpse. Bring it back to me!"
 Fortunately, Lucky appeared to obey him without any fudging this time. As a gem cat, his favorite food consisted of mundane and exotic minerals. Actual flesh and blood hardly whetted his appetite. Lucky carefully grasped the corpse with his maw and flew back through the portal before depositing it onto his outstretched gauntlet.
 "Curious."
 Ves had no idea how much time had passed since the alien had died, but it must have been millions of years at the very least. Why hadn’t it decomposed?
 Ves whipped up his trusty Vulcaneye and meticulously scanned the alien.
 He quickly found out why the corpse hadn’t broken down all these years. The alien had actually replaced his flesh with a flexible crystal substance. Certain cavities within the body must have hosted the brains and other vitally important organs. They had long been broken down into dust, leaving only an empty shell behind.
 "Even for the crystal builders, this must be an extravagant procedure."
 He imagined this alien once held a very high status among his race. He might even be the master of the crystal garden.
 While Ves would never in a million years wish to replace his body with a mechanical equivalent, he still found this corpse to be of utmost importance. It was a potential treasure in the eyes of those who pursued immortality through mechanising their bodily functions.
 The supple, flexible crystals that bent when he lightly squeezed them with his gauntlet also held a lot of value. If Ves could derive its composition and reproduce it in his labs, he might be able to invent a new substance that would be ideal in armoring the joints and other parts of a mech that needed a of flexibility.
 "It’s likely to be extraordinarily expensive."
 From what Ves could gather from the readings of his Vulcaneye, the exotics used in the flexible crystal exceeded the ones used in the solid crystal ruins. Thus, any attempt to derive some value out of the flexible crystal could only be put off until his career had advanced.
 Ves put away the crystal builder’s corpse and ordered Lucky to dig up the crystal garden for any other treasures.
 The portal opened and closed several times. For safety’s sake, Ves always called back Lucky to his side of the portal before it closed. Although the crystal city’s portal generator worked fine so far, Ves would be a fool to assume that ancient alien technology worked flawlessly after countless eons of neglect.
 The crystal garden suffered a very different outcome from the crystal city and the crystal palace. The aliens abandoned the latter two, but the former still held a single powerful occupant. Perhaps a retinue of servants and bodyguards had accompanied the crystal cyborg to their deaths, but nothing of their existence remained in the ruined garden.
 As Lucky dug out the uneven crystal structures in the garden, Ves studied the sample of the plantmeat that Lucky had also brought back. The Vulcaneye read out a bunch of data that only exobiologists would understand.
 All he knew for certain was that it was actually still alive and that it possessed both plant-like and flesh-like traits. Considering that it had grown over the crystal garden and survived for who knew how long, Ves suspected that it might be some kind of bioweapon.
 "A clash between two different alien civilizations perhaps?"
 Besides the sample of plantmeat, Ves hadn’t found any traces of the threat the crystal builders faced. All of their history was lost to time, and only their most enduring creations remained to prove their existence. So many races rose and fell in the galaxy that Ves hardly shed a tear to the passing of another race.
 Humanity was a practical race. They only cared about the benefits. Most of the time, that meant exterminating any aliens they came across and loot the best parts of their technology for humanity’s own use.
 Ves merely thought of himself as someone who followed that trend as he instructed Lucky to crack open the crystal structures, which held a lot of cultural significance.
 The crystal structures of the garden contained a lot more furniture, but none of them interested Ves. It wasn’t until Lucky dug into the basement levels of the largest crystal structure that he managed to come across something remarkable.
 It was a circular plate the size of his palm. To the aliens, it must have been a large table or piece of art. To Ves, its shape hardly roused his interest. Instead, he focused on the tiny crystals embedded onto its surface.
 "Is that the galaxy?"
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The embedded crystals on the table depicted the Milky Way Galaxy in a very accurate depiction. It hardly differed from the modern appearance of the galaxy. Ves could actually use the differences between the two to date the table’s construction, though he wasn’t particularly interested in doing so.
 What Ves focused on instead was that the map highlighted a couple of stars with crystals of different colors. They were so small that Ves had to magnify his helmet’s visor in order to see them clearly. He realized that the outermost one corresponded to the location of the Komodo Star Sector.
 "That should stand for this planet or where the Joe System."
 The other miniscule gems spread out over the rest of the Milky Way Galaxy, though most of the colored gems had been affixed in roughly the same ’slice’ of the galaxy. This likely meant that the crystal builder’s civilization had stretched from the galactic center to the galactic rim!
 "Had they once been the dominant race of the galaxy as well?"
 The significance of these ruins went up if that happened to be true. Had those portals stretched over thousands of light-years? Was the crystal garden actually located in the galactic center?
 That would be a mind-blowing fact if that was true!
 Sweat started to trickle down his back as Ves realized the implications of his discoveries. Perhaps he misinterpreted the map, or perhaps the crystal builders liked to exaggerate their accomplishments, but Ves became more determined than ever to keep this secret to himself. He ordered Lucky to retrieve the table.
 The crystal garden hadn’t turned up any other treasures. Lucky dug up a lot of furniture, but in his eyes it might as well be junk. Still, the table potentially held a lot of value, because when Ves scanned it with the Vulcaneye, he found out that it held a dense amount of circuits.
 He intended to decipher their contents later once his abilities progressed.
 "Well, that’s two ruins down. Hopefully, there’s more."
 The galaxy map fostered some hope in Ves. It contained a score of colored gems, and Ves hoped that they corresponded to all of the destinations of the portal generator. As long as he played the lottery long enough, he should eventually be able to open a portal to all of those locations.
 "Sadly, I’m running out of time." He sighed.
 Much of the value derived from these ruins consisted of things that weren’t immediately useful to him. He would have to improve his knowledge base by a substantial amount and put in a lot of research before he could profit from his gains.
 A potentially massive payoff twenty or so years from now wasn’t very useful compared to what he could earn when he went back to designing mechs.
 "I’m a mech designer. I design mechs. Researching alien remnants is only useful if it helps me build better mechs."
 It only made sense for him to moonlight as a treasure hunter so long as it benefited his designs. If he could readily decipher the crystal builder’s technology, then he didn’t mind being stranded here for years, although he would likely be forced to subside on clawed worm meat.
 His face crinkled into a disgusted expression. "No thanks."
 Over the next two days, Ves resumed his endless lottery draw. He continued to shoot the alien rune monuments like a monkey banging at a keyboard.
 If the monkey continued to type a random mash of letters, he’d eventually be able to reproduce an exact copy of Old Earth’s classics.
 Ves indeed felt like a monkey as he continued to persist in this monotonous task with hardly any rest. He forcibly kept himself awake as sleep would eat a precious amount of time that he could have used to gamble for another successful combination.
 His luck turned out to be awful as Ves failed to hit a successful combination in the remaining amount of time. Every single time he hit a different combination of fifteen runes, the crystal spires would shoot out their light beams at him without fail.
 "Seems like I won’t be gaining anymore harvests this time." He sighed at the end of his time limit.
 His mind had practically become fossilized at the excruciatingly boring routine. Even Lucky hadn’t bothered to do anything but sleep at the same spot. Even if a light beam passed through his intangible body, the disturbance wasn’t enough to wake him out of his rest.
 Ves was ready to go home.
 He retrieved the alloy key monument and wondered why the crystal builders had used metals instead of crystals. He also wondered why they made it relatively easy to open a portal to the location of this monument.
 "Will it actually be able to bring me back home, or is it some kind of trap?"
 No matter the truth, Ves owed it to himself to try the combination. He had already fixated on the runes in question and began to shoot at them in the order depicted by the keys. He chose to read out the runes from left to right and top to bottom.
 A bunch of light beams hit him right through the head.
 "Okay then. These aliens aren’t a fan of reading from left to right."
 Ves employed a number of different orders, but it hadn’t worked. Even if he started from right to left, the crystal city treated him like he was an intruder.
 Not willing to give up, Ves began to employ more creative methods of reading out the runes. After more than a score of different combinations, he finally achieved a different result. This time, he started from the center, and radiated outwards in a counterclockwise circle.
 The crystal spirals began to focus their energies upwards and generated another portal.
 This time, he came across a very welcome sight. A familiar asteroid with a very familiar cave beckoned him back home.
 "Yes! That should lead back to the Joe System!"
 His exuberance quickly died down once he noticed the portal hadn’t grown wider than his head. Same as the other portals, the current one only allowed someone like Lucky to pass through.
 "These stupid midgets!"
 How would he be able to squeeze through this tiny portal?!
 The problem caught him in his throat. He let the portal expire while he furiously churned his mind for a solution for his problem. How could he make the portal large enough to fit his body?
 "Wait a minute. What about my semi-corporeality?"
 Even if he passed through the portal, if he remained a ghost, it was nothing different than being dead. Imagining himself as a specter who haunted people for their energies scared him to death!
 "This son isn’t going to follow in his mother’s footsteps!"
 In order to stave off a panic, Ves forced himself to think in a logical manner. "First I should break down the problem."
 He currently had to achieve two essential goals. The first one should be to regain his corporeal state and the second one was to find a way to return to the asteroid in the Joe System.
 Both problems presented seemingly insurmountable obstacles to Ves. He had no clue how to go about the first problem while the second problem was within reach if only if he could master the crystal city’s technology.
 Ves looked at himself and his somewhat transparent body. He couldn’t pick up any object or interact with this alien world in his current state. The botched teleportation had turned him into some kind of energy being that existed in a higher dimension. It was already remarkable enough that he hadn’t been torn to pieces or ended up into a dimension of nihility.
 His eyes happened to have gazed over at Lucky, who had woken up after some time. His cat currently played with some rocks on the light-burned ground. Lucky’s paws glowed with spirituality as he effortlessly crossed the line between tangibility and intangibility.
 "Lucky isn’t the only one with spirituality here."
 Ever since his last eureka moment, the System had updated his Status to reflect his current strengths. It explicitly added Spirituality to his Attribute tab. Although a score of 0.4 looked pathetic, it was already better than most other humans.
 "Spirituality and semi-corporeality are related. One should be able to affect the other."
 Could he manipulate his intangible state into a solid state? And could he go back to being a ghost?
 He began to speculate that energy beings might be holding their intangible bodies using spirituality. It might also even be the reason why Ves and Lucky had survived the initial teleportation process.
 If they hadn’t possessed this special quality, they might have been phased out of existence!
 "This is frightening!"
 The thought that he unknowingly dodged an unfortunate fate did not help with calming his mind. His thoughts also spun into several tangents. He recalled the energy beings he encountered before, from the massive devourers to his mother’s ghost.
 "Is she truly even dead?"
 A mix of emotions pressed upon his heart. Ves did not dare continue to follow this train of thought and centered his mind back to his own state.
 Right now, he strongly believed he should be able to exert some control over his intangible body.
 "Energy beings hold themselves together with their thoughts rather than their flesh. Their flesh doesn’t exist in this state. It’s all in the mind."
 He believed if he brainwashed himself into believing that he was a dog, his intangible body would turn into a dog as well. Not that he had any interest in trying out this particular experiment.
 "Let’s start with something simple."
 His transformation hadn’t encompassed his body alone. His hazard suit and his gear had also transformed along with him. This provided him with a convenient way to test his latest thoughts. He retrieved a compact nutrient bar from his toolbelt and stared at it with the same intensity as when he designed a mech.
 "Turn solid. Turn solid. Turn solid."
 He repeated the same mantra over and over again. He knew that as a fairly logical person, he would have a lot of trouble trying to trick his mind into believing falsehoods. The best method he came up with was to think of nothing else but the same set of words. Essentially, he tried to override his conscious thoughts with a faulty statement so that it had the chance to become true.
 It took more than ten minutes for something to go into effect. The nutrient bar glowed before losing its opacity.
 It quickly fell between his intangible fingers.
 "It worked!"
 His thoughts had hit the mark! Spirituality formed the core of manipulating an intangible object.
 Ves gazed down at the nutrient bar that had returned to the material dimensions and waited for something to happen. More than fifteen minutes went by until Ves tentatively became assured that the nutrient bar wouldn’t return to its intangible state on its own.
 He saw hope now.
 Now that he confirmed his train of thought and proved that he possessed the same capabilities as Lucky, Ves tried to perform a bolder experiment.
 He wanted to turn his own body back to solid.
 However, he stopped his experiment before he began. What if he couldn’t reverse the process? That wasn’t an issue if he returned to the Joe System, but as long as he stayed on this unknown planet, that would be the death knell for him. By forsaking his special state, he lost any chance of squeezing through the tiny portal.
 "I can figure this out later. First, I have to find out if I can manipulate my own size."
 He believed that if he could turn turn his body from a ghost back to normal, that it should also be possible to change the shape of his ghost form.
 This attempt took a lot longer to produce a result. Ves patiently wished for his body to grow smaller without fail. It was a lot harder to do so because humans weren’t supposed to be so small. It went against everything he learned from birth.
 Still, as long as he brainwashed himself long enough, he was able to accomplish the impossible. His body eventually flickered before growing smaller and smaller. Lucky stopped playing with his rocks and stared at the shrinking Ves with alarm.
 Was his owner trying to turn into a cat?!
 "It worked!"
 He succeeded in shrinking his body to the size of a doll, but it came at a heavy burden. Almost all his concentration had been allocated to believing the lie he told to himself. If he became distracted in any way, he might not be able to hold his current state.
 "It’s time to go, Lucky!"
 Ves wanted to leave this barren place and return home. He retrieved his miniaturized Amastendira and shot at the correct sequence of runes. Despite its shrunken state, the Amastendira’s output hadn’t diminished at all.
 When the crystal city generated the portal back to the Joe System, Ves didn’t hesitate and flew up to the portal over the crystal city. Lucky followed behind him with a fascinated gaze. The cat couldn’t get used to seeing a human of this size.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 The downside of having shrinked himself was that it took a bit longer than he thought to traverse the distance. Unlike the Amastendira, his hazard suit’s output had scaled according to its size. Ves felt as if he tried to fly out of the atmosphere of a habitable planet. It took an agonizingly long time before he reached the portal.
 "Hurry up! The portal will almost close!"
 Ves dove through the portal just as Lucky went through as well. The portal winked out twenty seconds later but Ves had already sprawled himself against the asteroid. His intangible form had also returned to its normal size.
 "I’m back! Haha!" He celebrated even as fatigue swept over him. The change in stature had really expended an enormous amount of mental energy. Ves had to take a lengthy before he could contemplate his next problem.
 Right now, he remained stuck as a ghost. If he ever wanted to return to normal, he had to find a method to turn his body back to solid.
 "It shouldn’t be too different from turning that nutrient bar back to solid."
 He employed the same method of hypnotizing himself into believing his body was corporeal. It actually went a lot easier than he thought, because he essentially didn’t lie to himself. He always possessed a fully material body. He just had to reinforce this truth in order to effect a change.
 "My body and gear are solid. My body and gear are solid. My body and gear are solid."
 The only issue that complicated his efforts was that he also wanted to turn his gear into solid at the same time. It wouldn’t do for him to turn his body back to normal, only to die in vacuum as his hazard suit still remained intangible.
 Eventually, he succeeded. His body along with his hazard suit and other possessions suddenly blinked back to a solid form. Ves had succeeded into turning back to normal!
 Despite his success, he still remained cautious and stood still while he waited for his body to flicker back into ghost form.
 One minute. FIve minutes. Fifteen minutes. Thirty minutes.
 Only after one full hour did Ves become assured that his transformation had been permanent. He sighed in relief and let down his guard. Hopefully nothing strange would happen in the next couple of days.
 Meanwhile, Lucky played and floated around the asteroid as if Ves had nothing to do with him. The cat stubbornly remained intangible.
 "Lucky! Turn back to normal!"
 Lucky pointedly turned his butt at Ves and continued to play with the rocks that had been shaken loose from the asteroid. Ves sighed to himself and gave up trying to persuade his pet to stop fooling around.
 Lucky’s intangible state didn’t come with any downsides as far as he knew.
 Ves looked back to the cave entrance and thought about the graser rifle design he had to get back to. It was such a long time ago since he last worked on it that he forgot about some of the details.
 "With the insights I’ve learned from the crystal ruins, I should be able to design a much better rifle."
 Even without applying any of the alien innovations, Ves still gained a lot from the Skills and Sub-Skills he acquired from the Skill Tree. They corresponded closely with the inner workings of a laser weapon, and Ves immediately thought of a number of ways to enhance his old design.
 The difference between the old design and the improved one would be like night and day. When Ves returned to the cave and studied the design, he shook his head.
 "It’s so simplistic."
 The design became so rudimentary in his eyes that he quickly overhauled the entire schematic. He couldn’t bear to fabricate the old design as it possessed a large number of flaws that grated his perfectionist sensibilities.
 A mech designer should have more pride in his work!
 He vastly improved the graser rifle design in several areas, increasing its endurance while cutting down its weight. It would be able to output a lot more power as well while generating a bit less heat. Its capabilities more closely matched the graser rifle design outlined in the research notes.
 Before Ves could finish the design on his reimagined graser rifle, the Barracuda arrived at his asteroid. Captain Silvestra came as scheduled, but this time she brought a disconcerting message to Ves.
 "Did something happen here?" She asked as soon as she established a communication channel with Ves.
 Ves knew that the initial teleportation process had been too conspicuous to hide. "An accident happened with some alien relics that had been laying around here."
 "I see." Silvestra sounded like she wanted to know more, but her employer had been acting secretly all this while. She refrained from questioning him more. "There’s a problem. Whatever happened here has pinged all of our sensors, and if we can pick it up, so can the monitoring equipment scattered all over this star system."
 "Has anyone arrived yet?"
 "As far as we know, no one has transitioned into the system as of yet, but that might change in the next couple of days. The only reason why a ship hasn’t arrived yet is because the Joe System is based around a red dwarf."
 The smaller and more pathetic the star, the harder it was to navigate towards it in FTL. Only a couple of exceptions like port systems disregarded this rule.
 Ves mentally calculated how much work he had to do before he finished his errand. "I won’t be staying here for long. Return the Barracuda to her hideout and come back in seventy-two hours. I’ll be ready to pack up and go home by then."
 Although Captain Silvestra revealed some misgivings, Ves did not wish to go through the trouble of delaying the completion of his mission. It would be a hassle to find some other desolated star system for him to resume his work in piece.
 Once his corvette turned around and left Ves alone on his rock, he thought about his timetable for the next three days.
 "It’s going to be tight." His face pinched up. "Yet I’m going to have to wrap up this design."
 In truth, he set a hard deadline for himself so he wouldn’t keep adding more features on his graser rifle. It had already evolved from a rudimentary proof of concept into a formidable weapon of radioactive destruction.
 In designing the weapon, he had become much more proficient and familiar with working around laser weapons. The difference between before he embarked to the Joe System and after he returned from the crystal city couldn’t be more stark.
 His proficiency with regards to light, lasers and crystals had reached an unprecedented level to him. His gains regarding these fields almost rivaled his recent gains in the field of spirituality.
 "It’s like learning to run before learning to walk. It’s the wrong order, but it makes learning how to walk a trivial problem."
 After finishing this side trip, Ves gained a lot of confidence in being able to design a workable laser rifle. He also planned to apply some of his preliminary research gains from his studies of the alien remains. This would certainly push the quality of his laser rifle closer to those wielded by mainstream mechs.
 In the next two days, he raced to finalize his design. He stopped adding any major features but instead optimized the graser rifle’s existing configuration. Ves caught several major flaws that could have led to a bad outcome this way. He also slightly increased the graser rifle’s efficiency by a minor step.
 Once he finished his final design work, he stood back and sighed. "For a taboo weapon, it sure doesn’t look like it now."
 He cut down on the bulk considerably. With his increased proficiency in lasers, he found he didn’t have to compensate for his inadequacies with the use of buffers.
 "Buffers are a sign of inefficiency. An excessive amount of moderating components only add to the bulk while taking up space for more essential components." Ves remembered from his classes back when he studied at Rittersberg. "Buffers also encourage more sloppiness because there is a higher tolerance for errors."
 In short, only those who lacked the confidence to design a good weapon added a lot of buffers. Bigger wasn’t always better. This rule especially applied to laser rifles. Their mean appeal to mech pilots was that they were light, slim, accurate and low maintenance.
 While his graser rifle design hadn’t met all of those criteria, it still functioned as a practical weapon that wouldn’t fall apart after receiving a few bumps. Ves possessed a lot of skill in increasing the robustness of everything he designed, so he had spent some extra effort into toughening up the rifle’s frame.
 Once he beheld the entire design, Ves thought that it deserved a weapon even if he hadn’t put his full efforts into designing the rifle. He refused to infuse his Spirituality into the design, but that did not mean it deserved to be nameless.
 "Let’s call you the Tainted Sun."
 The Tainted Sun sounded a bit more poetic than he meant to, but Ves cared little of the opinions of others. He wouldn’t publish the weapon to anyone to comment on his naming choice, after all.
 After wrapping up his design, he proceeded to his 3D printer and began to fabricate the components. Ves brought a handful of old bots to assist him with the work. The lack of gravity on the asteroid helped a lot with handling some of the heavier materials. He processed them all and churned out rifle part after rifle part.
 Despite fabricating the graser rifle for the first time, Ves did not encounter any challenge in this phase. He already completed the hardest portion of this mission. With his ample fabrication abilities, he ensured that each and every part came out well within the tolerances necessary to ensure a tight assembly.
 Once he finished fabricating all of the parts, he didn’t immediately move to assemble them into a rifle. Instead, he inserted an extra step in his fabrication process by scanning the parts with his Vulcaneye.
 "This thing’s more useful than scanning alien components."
 Now that he bought an expensive gadget, he might as make the best of it. The multiscanner possessed far more power than the hulking scanning machines back at his workshop. It was able to detect if his parts had come out crooked or if some of their structure contained cracks or faults.
 His prudence paid off as his multiscanner detected a minor structural weakness in the casing of the battery. If the graser rifle fired a lot of gamma laser beams in quick succession, the battery might heat up and exacerbate this fault. It could have blown up the battery in the worst case.
 "Phew. Good thing I caught this problem in time."
 Ves went back to his 3D printer and used some spare materials to fabricate a replacement casing for the battery. Once he finished that chore, he proceeded with the final step of his fabrication process.
 While he hadn’t brought any assembly machines with him, the zero-G environment along with the bots allowed him to assemble the rifle manually. It likely wouldn’t have been possible to do so with mechs as some of their components required a lot of force to budge into place, but the largest component of the rifle consisted of its barrel, which was still manageable for him and his bots to move.
 It took less than a day to complete the final assembly. Once the last part clicked into place, Ves felt as if he completed a mighty task.
 He created a true forbidden weapon.
 The thought that he outright flaunted the rules that kept humanity from destroying themselves from within had sunk in deep at that moment. His mentality experienced a subtle change. It was as if the Tainted Sun had marked his soul.
 The mark saddled him with an inescapable guilt. His fear of the MTA increased. He would always step on his toes in their presence for fear of being found out.
 Yet this ordeal also liberated him from the shackles imposed by human society. He had already stepped out of the box that the MTA had painstakingly constructed around him. From this point on, his perspective on mech design encompassed unconventional solutions.
 If Ves had to break a rule to achieve a goal, then he wouldn’t hesitate as long as he could get away with it. The important part was the latter half. Everything could come crashing down as long as a single person found out and revealed his misdeeds to the public.
 "I have to destroy the evidence."
 That included the graser rifle as well as the 3D printer, the terminal and the remaining spare parts. None of them should exist in this galaxy.
 Ves retrieved his Amastendira and was about to fire at them before reconsidering. "It’s not safe to destroy them with my laser pistol. It also won’t disintegrate the remains. Who knows if someone can reconstruct what I’ve just created from the slag that’s left behind."
 In addition, he felt that melting the weapon down with his Amastendira was a disgraceful fate for a weapon that he personally brought into reality. He couldn’t bring himself to shoot his own creation.
 He quickly came up with an alternative plan and proceeded to fabricate a composite fabric with sensor-blocking properties before wrapping it up around the only copy of the Tainted Sun. After that, he packed up his workplace and waited for the scheduled arrival of the Barracuda.
 In the meantime, he checked up on Lucky. Ves walked outside the cave and spotted Lucky floating around with a handful of rocks orbiting his form. Lucky resembled a sage as he expertly manipulated the rocks with his gravity manipulation. Sometimes, the rocks passed straight through his form, indicating that Lucky hadn’t bothered to turn his body back to normal.
 Ves sighed at his pet. "Lucky, it’s time to stop fooling around. Who knows if its safe for your to remain in that state!"
 Lucky briefly glanced at his owner before turning back to his rocks. Ever since Ves turned back to solid, Lucky acted like he shouldn’t have to listen to Ves anymore. After all, what could he do?
 Ves looked at his gauntlets and willed them with spirituality. After five minutes of concentration, he activated his hazard suit’s antigrav modules and flew towards Lucky. He swiped his gauntlets towards his cat, only for them to pass straight through his target and knock some rocks aside.
 The interruption pissed Lucky off. He yowled at Ves through the communication channel and darted off to the other side of the asteroid.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "Damn cat."
 Just like any other major Attribute, Spirituality could be applied in many different ways. His own Spirituality leaned towards observation and the creation of the imaginary. He possessed little experience in other areas such as manipulating semi-corporeality. Lucky was a lot stronger in this area.
 Both Lucky and the System benefited hugely from the Glowing Planet. Lucky gorged himself with a priceless amount of Rorach’s Bone while the System absorbed the mysterious jewel hidden within the skull of a giant humanoid.
 While these fantastic exotics possessed remarkable effects, Ves believed their main value lay in their ability to strengthen the spirituality of an artificial life form like Lucky and the System.
 He had to remind himself that they started off as machines. Through accompanying him in his career, they slowly gained the opportunity to become more lifelike. What was the goal of the System? Where did Lucky originally came from, and who designed him in the first place?
 "Every machine has its creator. They are all meant to serve a purpose."
 The Amastendira came with a brief but informative back story. Its origin story made it clear that the System didn’t invent its items out of nowhere. Almost every item that Ves could obtain from the Store or the Lottery already existed in this reality.
 Anyone in the galaxy could potentially gather all of these valuable items. Yet that would never happen. Every faction had their secrets. No one wished to expose their trump cards and the secrets to their success.
 The true value in the System lay in its ability to gather these wondrous inventions regardless of their ownership and offer them to its user. It directly converged the collective strength of humanity into a single interface.
 "How scary."
 Some organization must have mastered the production of attribute candies, while another may have unlocked the secret to creating self-resonating gems.
 However, despite the System’s all-encompassing nature, it very much explicitly lacked things related to Spirituality. This meant that a study into this field had never become systematic enough to be passed around from generation to generation.
 This should be his own unique strength.
 The Barracuda quietly traversed the asteroid cloud and reached Ves after a couple of hours. The corvette turned around and positioned her rear cargo hatch next to the cave. A number of bots began to retrieve everything from the cave, including the thickly-wrapped Tainted Sun.
 Ves kept an eye on his freshly fabricated graser rifle. He was unwilling to let it out of his sight for a single second. Even though he trusted the women he hired to crew the Barracuda, he couldn’t account for their curiosity. It was better to forestall any problems by maintaining his vigilance.
 A handful of crew members such as Jenn and Ushra helped with securing the cargo. While they locked the containers, they noticed Lucky flying straight through solid matter as if it didn’t exist.
 "What the?!"
 "Intruder alert!"
 "Hold on, false alarm girls!" Ves quickly interposed when they attempted to draw their pistols. "That’s still Lucky. He’s just a little special now."
 He quickly came up with a sloppy excuse for Lucky’s current state. He spun a tall tale about obtaining a special exotic during the Glowing Planet campaign. Since he was already lying about it, he conveniently added that the whole reason for this trip was to figure out a way to incorporate this mysterious material into Lucky.
 "So you turned your mechanical pet into an energy being this way?" Ushra replied in a baffled tone. As the ship’s engineer, she possessed a lot more expertise in technical matters, so she wouldn’t be fooled so easily. "This is amazing. How did you do it?"
 "Trade secret." Ves simply replied.
 He figured that Ushra still held some reservations, but he didn’t need to say anything more. What mattered was that Ves could use the same excuse to anyone else and they wouldn’t be able to refute it to his face. After all, the Glowing Planet yielded a bewildering variety of exotics.
 Once the crew finished storing all of the goods, the Barracuda turned to head to the edge of the system. Just before she could fire up her thrusters, Ves called a halt.
 "What is it you want, sir?" Captain Silvestra asked as she appeared in the cargo bay as a projection.
 "Don’t leave the Joe System yet. Head towards the red dwarf in the center of the system. Get close to it as possible without damaging the ship. I want to dump a bunch of cargo into the sun."
 The woman looked oddly at Ves before she acknowledged his order. Her projection winked out, leaving Ves alone in the cargo bay. Lucky had already passed through the upper deck and played elsewhere.
 Since the asteroid with the cave already orbited fairly close to the sun, it didn’t take too long to approach the red dwarf. The corvette still took more than half a day to navigate between the asteroids, though the asteroid cloud had become increasingly sparse the closer they neared the sun.
 Nowadays, suns served as the ultimate garbage dumps. It only took a brief trip close to the scorching sun at the center of any star system to dump all manner of garbage that needed to disappear.
 However, with the current advances in recycling used materials, only low value bulk materials got dumped this way. The cost of transforming worthless junk into usable materials exceeded the cost of shipping them straight into a sun.
 The only reason why someone went through the trouble of dumping valuable materials in the sun was if they had something to hide. Ves did not hide his intention to the crew, but he misdirected them by hinting that Ves had employed a very unique procedure on his cat instead of violating a taboo.
 As the Barracuda neared the sun, she started encountering some issues. Even though red dwarfs was one of the weakest suns in the galaxy, it still radiated enough energy to scorch a planet as long as it received all of the energy it pumped out in a single second. Proximity to any star entailed a lot of risks.
 Captain Silvestra’s projection returned to the cargo bay. "Sir, we’ve almost reached the threshold. Do you wish to begin the dumping process?"
 Even Ves could feel the heat creeping into the cargo bay. He nodded. "Let’s proceed as soon as soon as we ready the cargo."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Ves waited for the Barracuda to turn around. She still continued her approach towards the center of the star system with the momentum she had built up, but this time she pointed the stern towards the sun.
 Once she finished her maneuver, Ves began to remove the collars and safeties preventing the cargo from being shaken around in the event of a change in momentum. After that, he quickly left the cargo bay and climbed the decks until he reached the bridge.
 "Sir." Silvestra tipped her hat at him when he sat in the observer’s seat. "Shall we begin the dumping process?"
 "Go ahead." Then Ves remembered something crucial. "Ah, wait a bit. Can you check where Lucky is hanging out right now? I don’t want him to get sucked out of the cargo bay."
 A projection appeared which displayed Lucky’s current location. Right now, his lazy cat had broke into the lab and raided some of the spare materials he locked up in the cabinets. Bits and pieces of minerals lay strewn over deck next to his dozing form.
 Ves palmed his face. "Urgh. Even my pet is taking up after my thieving mother."
 "What was that, sir?"
 "Oh nothing. Please check one more time that nothing is out of place in the cargo bay. After that, you may proceed with dumping the entire cargo bay."
 "The entire cargo bay? Including the 3D printer?"
 "Including the printer."
 He’d been ready to say goodbye to his first 3D printer ever since he reconstructed the Dortmund. The capabilities of this generic second-hand model couldn’t catch up with his ambitions anymore. Even as a spare device that could be used to fabricate replacement parts, its imprecise mechanisms and terrible output prevented it from remaining relevant to the LMC.
 He might as well throw it away in that case.
 Ordinarily, Ves would have sought to sell it a desperate mech designer who wasn’t too picky about buying third-hand goods, but now that he used it to fabricate the Tainted Sun, he couldn’t risk letting someone else get their hands on it. Even if Ves had removed every possible bug and recording routine, he wasn’t confident enough he caught everything.
 Thus, Ves would rather miss out on the fifty to hundred million credits that he could have earned if he sold it on.
 "Goodbye, old companion."
 The printer deserved better. It had accompanied him in his first steps on his road to becoming a mech designer. He fabricated the Marc Antony Mark I and II’s with this machine. It was a piece of company history that would certainly become a priceless artifact if he become someone influential a couple of decades from now.
 Yet his paranoia forced him to put aside his sentiments and prioritize his safety. The rest of the galaxy couldn’t find out about the Tainted Sun. It would destroy his career and ruin the Larkinson name in the process.
 The Barracuda used its reverse thrusters to continue accelerating towards the sun. Then, the captain ordered the cargo bay hatch to be opened. A bit of air had been left inside the bay, which leaked out into space in an instant. The decompression caused some of the cargo begin moving towards the edge.
 Simultaneously, the antigrav modules in the cargo bay removed the artificial gravity that kept the cargo in place. They then exerted a horizontal repelling force on the cargo, pushing them away from the ship at a moderate speed.
 Once everything inside left through the hatch, the Barracuda ceased to power her reverse thrusters and began to fire up her main thrusters again. This slowly halted the Barracuda’s descent into the sun and pushed her back from the threshold.
 Even though the antigrav modules in the cargo bay hadn’t exerted that much pushing force onto the cargo, the ship had been accelerating towards the sun at a brisk pace. The ejected cargo had inherited this momentum which sent them soaring towards the embrace of the sun. They’d be burning up within the hour.
 Ves lamented the waste, but hardly felt pained by the loss. As the Barracuda turned to leave the Joe System, Ves remained at his seat and kept watching the spinning cargo as they slowly neared the furnace of the red dwarf. He only left the bridge once he personally saw them burning up.
 "Alright, you can head back to Cloudy Curtain now. Make sure that no one finds out we’ve been here."
 They might have to skulk through the asteroid cloud and make some detours in their route, but Ves could never take enough precautions.
 He left the crew to their jobs and left for his stateroom. Once he entered it, he sat behind his terminal but didn’t activate it yet. Instead, he held up his comm and activated his Privacy Shield before running the System.
 [Congratulations for completing the Upgrade Mission! A mech designer must strive forth and use any means to improve his designs. A mech designer reveres their own abilities and nothing else. Possessing the means to design a special mech but lacking the will to make it into fruition is a sign of weakness. The ultimate mech designer must be free and unrestrained!]
 "That’s easy for you to say." Ves snorted.
 He was glad he finished the mission to the System’s satisfaction. Even if it carried a moderate difficulty, Ves was still afraid he had fallen short of the System’s standards. Good thing he passed.
 [Please stand by.]
 "Stand by for what?"
 A mass of knowledge suddenly thrust into his mind. His calm and serene mindscape instantly fell into disorder as an incredibly dense amount of knowledge poured into its midst. Ves held back his screams as more knowledge than he could ever imagine assimilated within his mind in the most straightforward method possible.
 Ves thought his mind had improved to a point where he wouldn’t feel any pain from acquiring a new Skill. He was wrong. The Senior-level Physics he waited so long to acquire was so much more significant than he thought. It carried much of humanity’s recent advancements in the field of theoretical physics, with a bias in areas directly related to mechs.
 Many of the theories directly or indirectly touched upon the wonders made possible by exotics. Their ability to bend the laws of reality allowed for much more extensive observation and experimentation. This led to many conclusions that shook his conception of reality.
 Hundreds, thousands of different changes opinions happened within seconds of each other.
 "The higher dimensions are countless, and they’re not as unreachable as I thought!"
 "I made so many fundamental mistakes in designing the Tainted Sun. Stupid, stupid, stupid!"
 "So that is why the crystal builders are proficient in manipulating light and portals. It’s their unique crystals that are at the heart of their technology!"
 "I see! This is why those materials are prohibited! They’re too dangerous to be circulated. They can annihilate an entire star!"
 "So this is how a modern battery works! I understand why they use these materials!"
 What was a Senior Mech Designer? As someone who surpassed the level of Journeyman, such a person would have an august status everywhere he went. Even the first-rate superstates respected Seniors due to the wealth of knowledge they earnestly accumulated over many decades.
 Ves had to compress all that lifetime of knowledge in a single sitting. It took over twelve hours before the System stopped pouring in a transport’s worth of knowledge into his mind. It took a lot more time to digest these gains. Ves only fully mastered one percent of what he gained, and those merely consisted of the easier parts.
 "It’s going to take a bit longer for me to master this knowledge." He frowned. His face revealed his fatigue. Unlike the last times, his mind simply couldn’t handle the profoundness of what he gained. The System did as much as it could to help him digest the materials, but it wasn’t a god. "I’m being limited by my mental capacity."
 Ves thought about hurrying up the process by ingesting a Transcendence Pill. Without enhancing his Intelligence, it might take months before he could fully utilize his Senior-level Physics.
 He thought about how the war went so far and calculated whether he could delay his upcoming design project. He had no doubt the war would heat up in the next couple of months. By then, the MTA would certainly call him up to contribute to the Republic.
 Did he have enough time to ingest the Transcendence Pill and complete another original design?
 "It’s going to be another gamble."
 He decided to go through with the gamble, even though he might not obtain the intended result.
 The Transcendence Pill he received from the System as a reward from the Glowing Planet campaign came with a very powerful benefit. It could directly break the attribute limit of any of his mental Attributes.
 There were two major problems. One of them was that it hadn’t mention any way to control the outcome. Ideally, Ves hoped to boost his Intelligence, because it would directly help the speed in which he mastered his new and overwhelming Senior-level Physics Skill.
 The other problem related to the amount of time he’d be indisposed. The Pill’s description offered a very wide range of time, from just a single day to eighty-eight days of adjustment. In the meantime, Ves would fall into a coma as the Pill did its magic.
 "I can’t afford to be down for three months. The Bright Republic’s situation will certainly deteriorate in that time."
 Ves thought about it and figured the main reason it might take so long to unlock his genetic limit. The Pill would be facing an uphill struggle if the person who ingested it possessed a weak foundation.
 Most of his mental Attributes scored 1.7 and higher, so Ves had no concerns in that area. However, just to be safe, he spent the last dregs of his DP to round his Attributes out to its current maximum limit. At his state, Ves had no excuse for leaving his Attributes so low.
 [Intelligence Attribute Candy]: 1800 DP
 [Intelligence Attribute Candy]: 1900 DP
 [Creativity Attribute Candy]: 1900 DP
 [Concentration Attribute Candy]: 1700 DP
 [Concentration Attribute Candy]: 1800 DP
 [Concentration Attribute Candy]: 1900 DP
 "Too bad the Store doesn’t offer any Spirituality candies."
 If his conjecture about the source of the Store items was correct, then Ves shouldn’t get his hopes up. After all, not a single human in the galaxy possessed a deeper systematic understanding of Spirituality.
 The candies worked their magic in his body and Ves could feel his mind grow in minute ways. The boost in strength had not been as large as crossing past 1.0, but it definitely brought other benefits. It appeared the closer a human got to 2.0, the more their mental prowess quickened and became more steady.
 "It’s actually an increase in stability!"
 A small weight had been lifted from his mind, and strange enough, the internal energy cycle within his body had also grown a little lighter. Ves rubbed his stomach and chest with a deep expression.
 "So this thing that Dr. Jutland has implanted within me isn’t purely a physiological matter. It’s strongly related to my mentality. Perhaps it’s even directly related to Spirituality."
 He always suspected something like that might be true, but he subconsciously dismissed it all of this time because of Dr. Jutland’s crazy ravings. His constant rants about the importance of developing the mind over the body sounded crazy back at the time, but now, Ves couldn’t help but reconsider his words.
 Had the mysterious and rebellious Five Scrolls Compact been on the right track? Why had they fallen out with the CFA and MTA?
 A chilling dread ran through his spine. Dr. Jutland appeared to be an outcast of the heretical organization. If the higher ups of the Compact took him a little more seriously, they might have been able to master the phenomenon of Spirituality.
 Fortunately, from Jutland’s resentment, Ves gathered that the Five Scroll Compact focused most of their efforts on enhancing their physical bodies. They pursued a completely different direction.
 "It’s not like they can help it. Human science is still biased against things they can’t observe."
 As long as no one could sense or measure spirituality directly, even the most radical scientists in the Compact possessed no clue.
 Still, Ves did not underestimate the ingenuity of the human mind. Like Dr. Jutland, there must be several other hermits and outcasts who might be on the right track, if only coincidentally.
 At some point, the secret wouldn’t be a secret anymore.
 "At least I have a head-start in this field."
 The benefit of being a pioneer was that he could reap the benefits first. Ves became more determined to develop his mental Attributes and find a way to grow his Spirituality to even greater heights.
 He took the rest of the trip back to Cloudy Curtain to rest his mind. He cleansed his mind of any distractions and attempted to bring it to its peak state.
 He shoved aside any concerns about designing a rifleman mech for later. He also halted his attempts to integrate the influx of Physics knowledge.
 The Barracuda took a little longer than necessary to return to Cloudy Curtain. Even though she possessed enough capability to hop directly from the Joe System to the Bentheim System, such a straight and obvious trajectory could easily be traced back to Ves.
 Thus, Captain Silvestra chose to obfuscate their presence by transitioning to a number of uninhabited star systems before they finally approached Cloudy Curtain without passing through Bentheim.
 The monitoring equipment in the Cloudy Curtain System was extremely rudimentary. The captain believed that it wouldn’t be able to pinpoint the exact star system the ship had made their final transition.
 "Good work, captain." Ves nodded to Silvestra as he stood on the bridge while the corvette made her final descent onto his home planet. "I won’t be needing the Barracuda for a couple of months I think, so she should get back to regular duty."
 "Understood, sir."
 The Barracuda had become something of a status symbol to the executives who needed to commute between Cloudy Curtain and Bentheim. Her sleek appearance and impeccable Coalition pedigree always impressed their business partners.
 Once they reached the spaceport, Ves left for his old workshop with his intangible pet in tow. At first, the security escort dispatched by Sanyal-Ablin looked nonplussed at Lucky’s casual ability to pass through the plating of the armored shuttle.
 "Hahaha, don’t mind my pet. He recently received a couple of upgrades." Ves quickly attempted to defuse their suspicions while trying to grab on to his lawless cat. Unfortunately, he utterly failed at grasping onto Lucky as he floated through people and fixtures with no regard.
 The journey back to the old workshop therefore became a little tense. Ves had no doubt the security officers would report their sightings back to Sanyal-Ablin’s office, which would then pass on the intelligence back to the Konsu Clan.
 Ves had made no attempts to hide Lucky’s new state. Even if he could get his cat to obey him, the benefits decisively outweighed the risks.
 He had done some studies of Lucky’s intangible state with the help of his Vulcaneye. It turned out that Lucky had become as elusive as if he entered the field emitted by the Privacy Shield. Although optical sensors could still detect the mechanical cat, many other sensors ceased to work entirely.
 This turned Lucky into a great spy and thief. Ves had become well aware of the implications as Lucky had raided the Barracuda’s stores of spare materials bare with impunity.
 Thinking about his losses prompted Ves to stare his pet with a vigilant expression. Lucky had better not try to break into the storerooms of the LMC.
 "I’m keeping my eye on you."
 "Meow?" Lucky responded back, and tried to act cute. He floated down to Ves and partially solidified on his owner’s lap. "Meow!"
 Ves couldn’t help but take the invitation and stroke Lucky’s back. He chuckled. He couldn’t stay angry at his pet.
 A couple of hours later, the armed escort arrived at the outskirts of Freslin. The old workshop looked a little bit less lively since he last visited the place. When Ves exited the shuttle, he met with Carlos who waited on him at the front entrance.
 "Carlos, how’s it going here?"
 "It’s largely empty here at the moment. We’ve already moved most of our operations to the new complex. By the way, you forgot to name it. Everyone’s calling it the Complex or the Place. It gets confusing sometimes."
 "Let me think about it on the way. First, I want to take a stroll through this workshop one last time."
 Before Ves left for the Joe System, he ordered the LMC to pack up and move to their operations to the new complex with haste. Even if the construction project hadn’t been finished yet, Ves wanted to hurry up with the move because it was already a lot safer to work from there.
 As Ves entered the halls, he instantly noticed the lack of furniture and people moving around. Previously, the office areas of the workshop had been packed with workers. Now, their absence left a gaping void that could never be plugged again.
 The old workshop already attained a touch of history in its empty halls. Almost everything from the desks to the monitoring equipment had been removed. Only the old cleaning bots still moved within these halls. The old machines had been left behind because the manufacturing complex possessed a better suite of bots.
 After glancing at his old personal office, Ves wandered over to the yard, the empty storerooms and the fabrication hall.
 The mech technicians had already packed up the Dortmund and the rest of the main production line and moved them away. The absence of all the large machinery had turned the hall into an empty cavern.
 "Just think about it." Carlos prompted. "Almost two years ago, you began your business with a single old printer and assembly machine. I doubt you had more than a couple of million credits to your name. Now, your net worth must have ballooned into the billions."
 With his enhanced mind, Ves sensed the subtle thread of envy in the voice of his friend. "It’s all thanks to my designs. Without my work, the LMC would have never grown so big at this point. As the first person who joined me, I won’t mistreat you."
 He felt the need to reinforce Carlos’ loyalty. Ves casually handed him a bonus of a couple of million credits, but they both knew that such an amount of money wouldn’t change anything.
 "You’ve already been more than generous to me, Ves." He responded as he looked at Ves with a despondent expression. "The money is great, but it’s the practice and the books that’s truly useful for me. I’ve been studying under you for all this time."
 "How far have you come along?"
 "Further than when I started. I’ve even designed some variants of the Blackbeak in my spare time. Would you like to take a look at them?"
 "If you wish."
 This time, Ves gazed with interest as Carlos transferred some files to his comm. He projected the design schematics and studied them with his full professional attention.
 He knew why Carlos opted to design a variant of the newer Blackbeak instead of the older Mark Antony Mark II design. The latter was an extremely complex hybrid knight while the Blackbeak was one of the simplest mech types in existence.
 However, just because the Blackbeak appeared relatively simple didn’t mean it contained a lot of complexity. Ves incorporated a lot of subtlety and nuances into the Blackbeak. Those who failed see through these secrets would never be able to trump his original vision.
 Ves only took a minute to determine that Carlos had missed the most essential points. His variants all increased the Blackbeak’s power at the cost of endurance.
 That didn’t sound so bad on the surface, but many of the Blackbeak’s components specialized in lasting power. To turn that around and force them to perform past their shallow peaks meant that they’d be worn out within months at worst. For a design that Ves intended to last for at least a decade, that was blasphemous.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 If that wasn’t bad enough, Carlos had also botched the tradeoffs. He traded far too much endurance to squeeze out just a little bit more peak performance out of his variant. If Ves made a casual effort, he could easily double the gains, not that he would ever want to. Carlos opted to pursue a vision that was diametrically opposite to the original intention of the Blackbeak.
 As for the X-Factor, Ves generously didn’t include that factor in his evaluation. Carlos hadn’t been clued into that particular secret anyway.
 When Ves wiped away the projection of the design schematic, he turned his eyes towards his friends. "I don’t know how to say it, but your work could use a little more maturing."
 "That bad, huh?" Carlos replied with a low voice. It was as if he already accepted that he botched his designs. "Can you tell me what I should work on?"
 Ves quietly sighed in relief. At least his friend hadn’t been in denial and accepted his shortcomings. There was hope for him yet. "Before you design a variant, it helps if you set a vision for it that’s compatible with the base model. You can’t turn a marathon runner into a sprinter in a single go. Figure out a set of criteria that your variant has to meet that’s also not too different from the parameters of the base model."
 "Won’t that defeat the point of my work? If my variant performs too similar to the original work, what’s the point of publishing a variant in the first place?"
 "That’s not exactly wrong, but it’s better to err on the side of caution. Get some practice in first before you begin to deviate further. Try to figure out a way to add a new capability without sacrificing too much performance. For example, the Blackbeak has always been a little bit poor in terms of heat management. If you can come up with a solution with regards to that area, then you can save me a lot of trouble."
 Hope sprung in Carlos’ eyes. "You can count on me, Ves!"
 In truth, Ves didn’t think that Carlos could come up with a solution that the LMC could accept. His friend’s foundation was still too lacking, and his talent and learning ability was decidedly average. He would never amount to anything in the mech industry unless he ate a lot of attribute candies.
 That put Ves to thought. Would Carlos be able to benefit from the attribute candies as well? If that was true, then Ves might be able to nurture Carlos into a welcome and much-needed assistant.
 Right now, the LMC depended too much on Ves to do all of the essential design work. If he could offload some of the more trivial tasks such as designing variants of his own designs to Carlos, then the company might be a lot better off in the long term.
 "Carlos." He began. "What do you see yourself doing ten years from now?"
 "I see myself working alongside you as always." His friend replied with an aspirational tone. "I know it’s going to be difficult catching up with your growth, but I’m a hard worker. I know I can do it. Don’t forget that I helped build the LMC to its present height as well. It’s my baby as well, so I’ll work as hard as I can to make it into an ever greater company!"
 This reassured Ves. If the LMC ever grew to the point where it needed to bolster its design capabilities with a team of designers, then Carlos would certainly play an important role. His shallow foundation and average talent could always be amended with the help of the System.
 Still, Ves wasn’t in a hurry to do so. Besides having a lot of matters on his plate, he also had to figure out a way to prevent exposure.
 After finishing his tour of the old workshop, Ves boarded the armored shuttle and flew towards the manufacturing complex. An hour later, they had arrived at the immense site, which looked a lot more finished than before.
 Jake waited for him outside the landing pads. "Ves! I hope you’ll stick around longer this time!"
 "If nothing unexpected happens, then you’ll certainly get your wish." Ves chuckled back. "Fill me in on how the LMC is doing these last couple of weeks. Has anything changed?"
 "There’s a spike in orders. The entire mech industry is getting swamped with customers. Every outfit that have earned a killing in the Glowing Planet are eagerly trying to bolster their capabilities. Some of the smaller gangs that participated in the event have already been robbed and killed by rivals who missed out."
 Ves nodded when he heard what had happened. The influx of the nouveau riche had turned the entire Bright Republic on its head. Too many outfits gained an abundance of money, but sustained severe losses as well. They turned into the best kind of targets to vultures looking for an easy score.
 "How has the market responded?"
 "These newly enriched outfits generally adopt two different buying patterns. The smaller ones with less capabilities are prioritizing delivery speed over quality. They want to take immediate ownership of their purchase and aren’t willing to wait for more than day. Quality doesn’t matter too much, so the smaller players of the market with readily available stock are having a field day at this moment."
 "That sounds great, but it probably doesn’t have anything to do with us. We’ve never been able to build up an inventory of mechs."
 The LMC fabricated mechs as fast as they shipped out, so the news hadn’t been relevant to Ves. His company had long grown past the definition of ’small player’.
 "That’s where the second type of customers come in. These are the big players like the major mercenary corps and the Blood Claws. They’ve all placed a big batch of orders for our products. The waiting list has practically doubled in the last couple of weeks, and it’s only growing longer by the day."
 He smiled at that. He had anticipated that this would happen. That was why he agreed to take out a major loan in order to finance an expansion in the company’s production capability.
 "Are the two new production lines up and running yet?"
 "It’s been shipped a week ago. Chief Cyril took charge and brought them down to the fabrication floor. Last I heard, the chief and his men are still in the process of setting up the production lines, but I’m not an expert in this matter."
 "That’s fine. I’ll go down and help out in person. I know more about the production equipment than anyone else in the company."
 "Before you go, Ves, the manufacturing complex needs a name. It’s a multi-billion dollar project and it will one day house thousands of employees. It’s a great start to a major undertaking of the LMC. It’s destined to become one of this planet’s most iconic landmarks."
 "Landmark, huh?" Ves uttered as his mind drifted off. "Let me think of a name."
 When Ves initially planned the construction of the manufacturing complex, he hadn’t fixated on a name. He figured he could casually come up with something on the spot, but now he thought that the complex deserved a more considerate name.
 The future of the Living Mech Corporation rested on this massive company site. This was the exclusive domain of his company, and everyone who stepped foot here day by day would put their hopes on its prosperity.
 Besides serving as a production site for mechs, the complex also featured a lot of fortifications. The walls, turrets, mech patrols and other security features insured that anyone who attempted to attack the complex had to pay a price.
 The LMC had signed a more extensive contract with Sanyal-Ablin to insure that the site would not receive any disturbances, either from sabotage or overt attacks. The beefed up contract added to the company’s expenses, but with the impending addition of two production lines, it should be able to shoulder the extra burden.
 "Since this complex is the center of the LMC, it needs a name that reflects the ideals of the company. How about... the Mech Nursery?"
 Jake was absolutely floored at the name. The old man tested the words in his mind for a little bit. "It’s an unconventional name. I don’t know if it will fit the complex."
 Although his COO still held some reservations on the name, Ves didn’t change his mind. The more he thought about it, the more the name fit the aspirations of the company.
 He wanted to create mechs with life, and what better than to call their place of origin as the Mech Nursery?
 Even if it sounded weird, it reinforced the impression that Ves wanted to convey to the mech industry and his customers. His products carried the spark of life, and they deserved to be treated that way.
 Right now, Jake reluctantly registered the name through his comm. After signing some paperwork, the complex would officially be known as the Mech nursery. It already churned the old man’s stomach.
 "Haha, let’s go inside now. I want to see what you’ve done to the place!"
 Under the company of Jake and Carlos, Ves proceeded to tour the complex from top to bottom. He visited the aboveground offices first. Most of the floors hadn’t been put to use as of yet, but Ves envisioned a time when these empty white halls would be brimming with people.
 Modeled after Marcella’s office, Ves enjoyed the top floor to himself. The wide open spaces, the gold and brown furnishings and the exquisite furniture all added to his prestige. He would definitely be able to imitate the likes of Marcella and Mr. Chandler of the MTA if he sat behind his imposing desk.
 Ves tested the padding of his desk chair and realized that it hid a large number of features that added to his comfort. Lucky also perched at the top of the chair and partially materialized to test out its functions as well. The seat had evidently been designed to accomodate pets.
 "I’m very glad with the look and feel of my office. It makes me feel like a successful CEO."
 "That’s good. We’ve especially hired a number of renowned interior designers to decorate the offices."
 As pleasant as his new office looked, the real work was done below. They left the top office and took the elevator that brought them straight underground.
 Ves only briefly toured the underground floors. He already visited them a few weeks ago and besides some additions, they largely remained empty due to a lack of capacity.
 Only the manufacturing floor possessed a lot of liveliness. The Dortmund production line had been moved to the first production hall. A number of mech technicians could be seen working on fabricating another silver label Blackbeak.
 Ves left the workers to it and visited another hall. A larger number of mech technicians gathered around the brand-new production line.
 It consisted of a full set of 3D printer, alloy compressor, chemical treatment machine and assembly machine. They all came from the same company called Benson Industrial Machinery.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Benson enjoyed a significant amount of renown in the Bright Republic for producing lines of fairly excellent mech manufacturing equipment. Chief Cyril had evidently been a fan of them, since he chose to purchase two of their upscale production lines in a single go.
 "Chief!"
 "Come over here, Ves! Help me with the configuration of this Benson printer!"
 Ves figuratively pulled up his sleeves and stepped close to the 3D printer that formed the core of the production line. "What’s wrong?"
 "I don’t know if we missed something, but the printer refuses to work. It spits out a bunch of error codes but the manual only provides us with a brief description."
 "Have you called for support?"
 "Hah! BIM’s support lines are swamped with calls for help. The LMC isn’t the only company who decided to expand their production. Our competitors are joining in the race as well, since there’s a lot of money going around these days."
 Without the influx of customers who had recently gotten wealthy off the Glowing Planet, Ves wouldn’t have pulled the trigger and taken out a loan to finance the Benson production lines. The other mech manufacturers must have performed the same calculus and accelerated their expansion plans as well.
 "Looks like we need to fix this ourselves. Let me take a look at it."
 Ves had bought a fair number of Assembly Skills from the System, so he quickly figured out the root of the problem. The 3D printer and the rest of the machines functioned normally, but they required a lot of connections in between. Without effective communication between the different machines, the production line lost a lot of efficiency.
 With the help of Ves, the chief and the rest of the technicians became enlightened about the problem. Once the source of the problem became known, the technicians could fix it on their own. Ves left the mech technicians to their jobs but pulled Chief Cyril aside for a private talk.
 "How effective do you think the Benson production line will perform?"
 The chief scratch his stubby chin. "Compared to the Dortmund line? It’s a lot more automated, so it’s bound to be faster. However, the Dortmund you’ve retrieved is unparalleled in precision and quality control. I’d say there’s going to be a little more waste if we utilize the Benson machines at their full capacity. If you want to achieve the same level of quality as the Dortmunds, then we’ll have to cut our production speed by at least thirty percent."
 "That’s unacceptable." Ves shook his head. Even though he constantly emphasized the importance of maintaining a high level of quality, it didn’t come at the cost of common sense. "The silver label Blackbeaks will be fine with a small drop in quality. We can catch the worst faults in time if we scan and double-check each part that comes out of the 3D printer."
 "That will slow down our production process as well. Scanning each and every part as they come out is a laborious process, although it’s faster than slowing down our overall rate of production."
 "Then we’ll do so. It’s very important to scan our parts for their integrity. I don’t want to hear about any cases where our customers died because we haven’t been prudent enough to check our own parts."
 The chief nodded in acknowledgement. He agreed with the sentiment. "That’s a good choice. It will cut into our earnings, but it will give our customers some piece of mind."
 After questioning Cyril about how other matters, Ves finally left the manufacturing floor. Once they stepped into the elevator, he decided to go down to the lab floor.
 Jake frowned as he stood besides Ves. "Why do you want to enter the lab? We’ve already visited it."
 "I’m about to conduct a very important experiment. I’m sorry about the short notice, but I’ll be indisposed for up to three months. I won’t be coming out and I won’t be accepting any interruptions during this time."
 "What?!"
 Ves thought about it carefully. The value of the Transcendence Pill lay in its ability to overcome the human limit without any side effects. It only cost him time, while precious, would never be short in stock.
 Therefore, even if the Bright Republic faced tumultuous times, the benefits of the Pill absolutely outweighed the cost. Even if Ves ultimately couldn’t finish his second original design in time, he would still be able to use his increased capabilities in other ways.
 A special elevator slowly descended many kilometers deep into the earth. It passed through a number of checkpoints and defenses that surrounded the sensitive lab and private workshop floor.
 When the elevator doors finally opened, Ves stepped into the lab with Lucky floating behind him. The cat quickly darted away, passing through a number of walls without encountering any hindrance.
 Besides Lucky, nothing should have been able to penetrate the thick defenses of the lab.
 An uncountable amount of defenses and security measures hid behind the alloy-paneled walls. Advanced electronic defense systems thwarted the intrusion of any bugs and jammed any form of signalling or transmission. A secure but expensive quantum entanglement node formed the only method of communication with the outside galaxy.
 Closed air circulation and filtration systems ensured that the entire floor was completely sterile and free of contaminants. A storeroom filled with water and nutrient packs as well as an excellent organic recycling system ensured that Ves would easily be able to last inside the floor for more than a decade.
 The way the security systems had been set up made it difficult for Sanyal-Ablin to snoop in on him. A thick layer of signal-blocking material enveloped the entire floor. The only way that they’d be able to receive telemetry was if some kind of miniature bug hitch-hiked on his body or inside his comm.
 "Good luck with that."
 The System practically monopolized his comm and didn’t allow any form of malware or spyware to invest his most important electronic device. As for external bugs, Lucky often snacked on them every day.
 Ves even went to the trouble of hiring several other security companies and consultants to supervise the construction of this floor. He even asked the Larkinson Estate to send their own specialist to keep an eye on the supervisors.
 All of this had ballooned his expenses, but Ves wasn’t short on money these days.
 "From now on, this is my temple."
 Ves became inspired to construct a private workshop after Oleg invited him into Master Olson’s workshop in Leemar. Despite her absence, her workshop carried a majestic air that made it clear that miracles emerged from that place.
 Right now, his own workshop was half-empty and rather barren. Much of the fancy machines cost much more than ten times the total worth of the LMC. Ves had no choice but to set aside his intentions of purchasing all of those expensive machines and settle for the basics.
 "It’s sufficient for now."
 He planned to make full use of what he got once he started designing his rifleman mech. Right now, he had a pill to ingest. He left the working area and entered the attached living space.
 After freshening himself up yet again, Ves called out to Lucky. "Come over here!"
 Lucky floated through the walls and stopped in the air in front of Ves. "Meow?"
 "I’m going to be out cold for a time. I don’t know how long it lasts, but make sure nobody enters this floor, okay?"
 "Meow."
 "Hey, don’t argue with me. I left a whole batch of high-value minerals inside the storerooms. Feel free to munch on them while you guard over me."
 "Meow!"
 This time, Lucky appeared to comply with his orders. If nothing else, Ves could always bribe his cat with food.
 Once he finished making his final preparations, he took out the Transcendence Pill he received as a reward at the end of the Glowing Planet campaign. The thumb-sized pill carried an organic gold luster, as if it had been condensed by the blood of a god.
 "If the System is able to bring out a Transcendence Pill, then someone in the galaxy is able to produce them. How difficult is it to make such a wondrous pill?"
 Gene boosts already cost a fortune to produce, and they only provided marginal effects compared to the Transcendence Pill. This tiny object had the potential of transforming the life of anyone who ingested it. The price for this pill must certainly be horrible for any single person to bear.
 The depths of the galaxy hid an uncountable amount of powerhouses. Master Mech Designers emigrated from the galactic rim and the galactic heartland all the time in order towards the galactic center
 Besides competing for the best technologies and the most miraculous exotics, Ves guessed they also struggled to obtain the favor of organizations that grasped the production of these precious pills.
 "There’s nothing in the galactic rim and galactic heartland that can keep these Master Mech Designers interested."
 The Komodo Star Sector especially had it bad. As one of the most backward star sectors in the galaxy, over two-thirds of the Masters that emerged from this region had eventually said goodbye to their old states and journeyed to the center of the galaxy in order to join the Terrans or the Rubarthans.
 Would Master Olson choose to go for greener pastures as well some day?
 "She only advanced to the rank of Master a fairly short time ago. She’s still too young at a hundred years old."
 With a sufficient amount of life-prolonging treatments, a wealthy individual could easily push up to six-hundred years. Many fossils that experienced the violent transition from the Age of Conquest to the Age of Mechs still clung to their lives to this day.
 He estimated that Master Olson should take at least another hundred years to shore up her foundation before she made her play.
 Once that happened, everything would change. Ves knew that if he tried hard enough, Master Olson would certainly extend an invitation for him to join her expedition to the center of the galaxy.
 If Ves was a normal mech designer, he’d certainly look forward to it. But with the System, who knew if he would still be Master Olson’s apprentice in a hundred years. Perhaps he’d be able to treat her as his equal by that time.
 "If Master Olson is a genius who can advance to Master in a hundred years, then I’ll certainly be able to accomplish the same!"
 Advancing to Master in a hundred years, how ambitious! Ves even harbored ambitions of reaching such a height well before he turned a hundred years old!
 The renowned Star Designer who held the title of Polymath held the record for the youngest advancement to Master. She she took less than fifty years to rocket straight to Master, astounding the entire galaxy in a single feat!
 "All of that is still too far away." He sighed and turned his attention back to the Transcendence Pill. "This shall be the next step in my road to ascension."
 Ves carefully laid down on his bed and popped the pill into his mouth. He didn’t require any water to swallow down the pill. In fact, it had turned into liquid as soon as it entered his mouth.
 A rush of energy emerged from his stomach and shot straight to his brains. Before he could even contemplate the feeling, an invisible pillow smothered his consciousness.
 An unknown amount of time went by as Ves slumbered on his bed. He completely fell into dormancy, and wouldn’t wake up even if he grew hungry or needed to relieve himself. Naturally, he already prepared some bots to take care of those issues beforehand, but strangely enough, his body remained in a state of stasis.
 Besides his respiration, almost every other bodily function had paused.
 Sometimes, Lucky emerged from the walls and landed atop Ves. His mastery over his intangible state allowed him to materialize completely for short moments of time by now, and he often did so in order to bump Ves from his sleep.
 "Meow."
 Unfortunately, nothing he did managed to wake Ves up. Sensing the futility of his actions, Lucky gave up on the idea and instead spent most of his time sleeping atop his owner.
 As for Ves, his mind had been cast far away from the Komodo Star Sector. The Transcendence Pill had a marvelous effect on his mind. He felt as if he experienced an out-of-body moment yet again, but instead of being brought into someone else’s body, his mind and soul had reached an immeasurable height above the galaxy.
 His incorporeal senses gazed down at the splendid disk of the Milky Way. The galaxy spun much faster according to reality. Thousands of years went by with each second that passed by. It clued him in that he was looking at an illusion.
 Still, real or fake, the unfiltered sight of the revolving galaxy had impressed him beyond belief.
 "It’s so beautiful. The galaxy is much more vast than I can imagine."
 Red dwarfs, blue giants, black holes and more made up the fabric of the constantly spinning galaxy. At the center of it all lay the supermassive black hole that kept the stellar objects together.
 Witnessing the wealth and breath of the galaxy through his soul affected him more than he thought. As he gazed down at the galaxy, the galaxy gazed up at him. An immense, primordial energy that spun with the galaxy quietly seeped a tiny portion of its being into his soul.
 As soon as that happened, Ves received a mighty shock to his mind that instantly catapulted him out of the illusion.
 Back at the underground private workshop, Ves woke up with sweat streaking down his body. His breath became disorderly as his mind and body momentarily fell out of sync.
 "It hurts!"
 His brains heated up as it experienced an inexplicable transformation. Ves groaned and squirmed on his bed as he tried to endure the pain.
 He blacked out once again.
 The next time he woke up, he found to his surprise that the pain had subsided. His sweat-stained body had also been cleaned up by the bots that stood by. After Ves tentatively prodded his head, he sighed in relief as he didn’t appear to be suffering from any further side effects.
 "That was one hell of a trip."
 Moments later, Lucky passed straight through the door and solidified his body in order to cuddle against Ves.
 "Meow!"
 "Hahaha! I missed you too."
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 From Lucky’s urgency, Ves deduced that the Transcendence Pill had eaten up a fair amount of time. He quickly activated his comm and looked at the date.
 "Thirty-three days went by!"
 That was better than he feared, but worst than he hoped. Just over a month went by, which meant that anything could have happened in between. Before he inspected his changes, he first wanted to contact Jake and hear from him if anything had happened during his coma.
 Since the quantum entanglement node on this floor had been confined to a closed system, Ves couldn’t use his own comm to contact the outside world. Ves slowly slid from his bed and shakily walked out of the apartment.
 He approached a closed chamber which held a solitary terminal that connected directly to the quantum entanglement node buried just underneath. He connected to the galactic net and entered his mail box.
 "Hm, nothing serious happened."
 He arranged for Jake, Melkor, Marcella, Calsie and Gavin to send him weekly reports. Although plenty of notable events took place in the past month, nothing directly affected the LMC in any detrimental way.
 "A few raids on Bentheim and the surrounding systems... price inflation... shortage of rare exotics... Ah, Melkor finally finished recruiting his cadre for the Avatars of Myth!"
 With an abundance of money and authority from Ves, Melkor eventually succeeded in hiring eight capable mech pilots. He also spent much of his allowance on purchasing mechs for them to begin their live training, although the two knight pilots still waited to receive their gold label Blackbeaks.
 "That can still wait."
 Once he reassured himself that nothing critical demanded his presence, Ves shut down the terminal. RIght now, he mentally stimulated his mind and tried to figure out if anything had changed. He resumed the long-stagnant process of integrating the Senior-level Physics knowledge that he succeeded in obtaining.
 "It’s faster!"
 The integration of knowledge happened at least ten times faster! The difference between before and after couldn’t be compared. His processing speed had sped up by an entire order of magnitude.
 "Yes! My gamble succeeded! My Intelligence has broken through the human limit!"
 What did that mean? From now on, Ves would rapidly be able to learn and process all kinds of esoteric knowledge. He could even branch out into fields that shared no relations with mechs, though he didn’t plan to do so.
 "How high is my Intelligence right now?"
 His mouth gaped open as he called up his Status page. Much of it remained the same so he skimmed over them entirely. Instead, his eyes narrowed down on his Intelligence score.
 Intelligence: 2.1
 "Just 2.1?"
 The difference of 0.1 at this level actually produced a sea of change. Obviously, the Attribute scores didn’t follow a linear pattern of growth.
 For example, someone with an Intelligence of 2.0 wasn’t twice as smart as someone with an Intelligence of 1.0. Each increment of 0.1 provided a different amount of improvement.
 Reaching a score of 2.1 was a vast gulf of difference, especially when it had reached a stable state. Ves once reached a height of 2.2 in Endurance, and that had transformed his body in many ways.
 It was a pity that he gained such strength from Dr. Jutland’s insane experiments. Jutland hadn’t actually been able to break the human limit, so the abnormally high Endurance actually started to break down down his body. If the CFA hadn’t reverted some of the changes, he would have died when he reached fifty years old.
 "It’s far too soon for me to die at fifty years!"
 Let alone fifty years, Ves believed he could easily last more than five-hundred years!
 Once Ves understood his changes, he didn’t hesitate to integrate the immense amount of knowledge provided by Senior-level Physics. What previously took months to digest now took up just a week.
 For the next week, Ves did nothing but sit behind a desk while casting his mind inward. An extreme amount of theories with regards to fundamental Physics became understandable over time.
 Much of the knowledge enabled him to understand and work with various types of exotics. Before mastering this level of knowledge, the only way that Ves could integrate exotics into his own design was if he obtained a readily available license.
 For example, the Veltrex armor system with its three layers of armor plating that withstood different damage types came with several ingenious formulas. The research institution poured a lot of resources into developing these formulas that combined several exotics into special alloys that provided a wondrous effect.
 Previously, Ves was purely a consumer of these formulas. Now, he gained the minimum qualifications to produce his own formulas.
 "Still, it’s not that simple."
 The Senior-level Physics only provided him with a broad but fairly shallow foundation. If he wanted to develop an actual formula, then he needed to supplement his Main Skill with several Sub-Skills raised to a certain height.
 Right now, Ves didn’t hold any ambitious of developing his own component designs. Even though it cost him a lot of money or merits, making use of existing licenses saved him a lot of time and energy.
 "A mech pilot doesn’t have to know how to build a mech. A ship captain doesn’t have to know how to build a ship. A doctor doesn’t have to refine his own medicine."
 Ves believed that it should be enough to focus on his core job of designing new mechs. Even if the System easily allowed him to unlock a myriad of specialties, he did not have any intentions of imitating the Polymath.
 "I have my own way of making mechs come to life."
 Even without the relevant Sub-Skills, the Main Skill alone provided a lot of benefits to Ves. He easily understood the heart of each phenomenon and became more proficient in handling advanced technology.
 In particular, he gained a comprehensive boost in understanding laser weapons. If before he could only design an average gamma laser rifle design, now he would easily be able to improve the Tainted Sun by more than twenty percent!
 Once a week went by, Ves fully integrated his long-awaited boost. Now, he directly met one of the criteria to advance to Journeyman Mech Designer. According to the demands set by the MTA, he only needed to formulate his design philosophy and pass some tests before he could officially leave his Apprentice days behind.
 "I still have to design a number of original mechs."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The MTA set a strict bar for anyone who wanted to be acknowledged as a Journeyman Mech Designer. They had to design five original mechs. Naturally, the designs also had to meet a minimum performance standard. In that regard, the Blackbeak already passed the test, so Ves wasn’t worried about failing to meet the standard.
 Ves first checked his messages again on the isolated terminal. Nothing special had happened although the amount of raids by the Vesians had increased. He figured that the LMC could last a little longer without his presence.
 "I’ve been delaying my next project for too long. It’s time for me to make the first step."
 He finally felt ready to embark on his next design project. His inadvertent adventure with the crystal ruins had given him a lot of inspiration on how his next design should look like, and he was eager to turn his ideas into reality.
 Immediately, he faced an important choice. First, should he collaborate with someone on this project, and second, should he log his every action in detail?
 Different from designing his first original mech, Ves faced a lot less constraints this time. He already went through his debut and proved that he could design an original mech without any outside assistance. Now that he gained the mech industry’s acknowledgement, he enjoyed a lot more freedom this time.
 Ves thought about his gains from the crystal ruins. Once he began to design his mech, it would become obvious that he incorporated alien insights into his work.
 "When the MTA checks the logs, they won’t care about these matters."
 To a behemoth like the MTA, they wouldn’t lift their brows if Ves applied some of the principles that powered the alien ruins. His recent upgrade in Intelligence and his acquisition of Senior-level Physics had vastly improved his understanding of the crystal builder’s technology. Even if he still couldn’t unlock the secret behind the circuits, he still harvested in many other ways.
 While Ves had a lot to hide, he didn’t mind being stared at by the MTA. Logging his design process would instead insure his claim on his own design and prevent others from accusing him that he stole his design from someone else. That happened more often than anyone thought.
 Still, Ves did not entirely wish to rely on himself this time. He knew the challenges of competing directly against the mainstream models and their variants. The market for rifleman mechs was too competitive for Ves to make an impact even with all of his recent gifts.
 Ves gently stroked his comm. When the time was right, he’d disable the logs and activate his Superpublish function. He hoped that he could elevate the quality of his design just enough to break into the market.
 As for how to explain the jump in quality, Ves could just hand out an excuse that he let an unknown expert make a pass on his own design.
 Mech designers with a lot of connections often invited experts to elevate their designs to another level. Most of the time, these experts insisted on being credited by their works, but sometimes they wished to remain anonymous.
 In this regard, Ves could easily explain his Superpublish function by crediting an anonymous contributor.
 "The only downside to the Superpublish function is that I won’t earn any DP from its sales."
 This was a very steep price. However, as long as he captured a small chunk of the market for rifleman mechs, the profits would be immense and his prestige would rise well above his fellow Apprentices.
 Right now, Ves desperately needed to enhance his prestige and reputation. Otherwise, the Mech Corps wouldn’t value him when they eventually called him up to serve the Republic.
 Ves moved back to his design project. "Alright, a good design starts with a solid vision."
 He aimed to pin down a vision and complete a draft design within a week. After that, he would solicit everyone’s opinions before he moved on to turning his draft into a full design.
 "I already have a great idea for a vision."
 Through his first-hand experiences in the Glowing Planet campaign, Ves acquired a rich perspective on rifleman mechs. As the mainstay of any mech force, they would often be fielded in great numbers.
 "Rifleman mechs are rarely sold one at a time to any single customer."
 A small-scale buyer like a single-squad mech corps might only ever purchase one knight. As for rifleman mechs, they wouldn’t hesitate to buy at least two to four of them in a single instant.
 "The market for rifleman mechs is big and profitable. The high volume of sales alone is enough to fight over."
 Under these highly competitive circumstances, Ves had to carve out a place for his own design. He set his sights on the upper-premium segment of 60 to 70 million credit mechs.
 In the Bright Republic, the vast majority of rifleman mechs sold for fifty million credits or less. The mainstream mechs were no exception, which also made them so attractive in the first place. It wasn’t enough that they delivered a higher level of performance, but their pricing also bankrupted many aspiring local mech designers.
 Still, the Republic wasn’t completely clueless and imposed a number of tariffs and other barriers that made it slightly less attractive to purchase a foreign mech. The Bright Republic wouldn’t be able to host such a lively mech industry if they let the trans-galactic corporations operate with impunity.
 "The most expensive mainstream mech still costs only fifty million credits." Ves shook his head. "It’s hopeless for me to compete directly against them at this price point."
 The Blackbeak managed to be successful due to his decision to design a rarely-seen offensive knight. Ves purposefully avoided the crowded market for defensive knights and thereby avoided direct comparisons between the Blackbeak and the mainstream knight models.
 He intended to do the same with his second original design, only this time he wanted to differentiate his product through its price category.
 "With my existing licenses, I can easily clad my rifleman mech with compressed armor. With the help of my improved Skills, I can also beef up the capability of its primary weapon."
 As long as Ves managed to control his costs, he believed he could design a very strong rifleman mech that performed a notch above the mainstream models. Perhaps it would lose out in terms of optimization and refinement, but the boost in raw performance would easily make up for that disparity.
 "A rifleman mech that costs at least 60 million credits is absolutely a mech fit for a leader."
 With a powerful laser rifle and an ample amount of armor, only the best could make full use of these capabilities. It had to offer a certain level of rounded performance in order to appeal to highly-skilled mech pilots.
 "I can take some inspiration from the modifications I made for Fadah’s mech. Speed and mobility is essential to a modern rifleman mech. This should be my first priority. I can’t skimp on this area."
 Firepower was a close second, followed endurance and staying power. Since he intended to reuse most of the licenses he acquired to design the Blackbeak, his next design should also be able to last an entire war.
 "Armor is only the fourth priority, but that doesn’t mean I should neglect it entirely."
 It had to be good enough that his buyers would willingly stomach forking over at least 60 million mechs. That meant that Ves wouldn’t be able to cover his mech only partially with compressed armor. He had to give his mech the full treatment without weighing it down too much.
 "That’s going to be a major challenge."
 Even assuming he succeeded in balancing the speed and armor of his rifleman mech, he also had to distinguish his mech from the competition in other ways.
 "I need a gimmick."
 Ves already worked with gimmicks before. Back when he designed the 3-star virtual variant of the Hoplite, he adapted one of the spear-wielding knight’s gimmicks to the Young Blood.
 The gimmick consisted of various enhancements to the shield of the Young Blood so that it would be able to bash its shield with greater speed and momentum.
 The implementation came with a number of flaws. The Young Blood could only enhance its shield bash for a limited number of times, because the batteries embedded into the shield carried only so much charge. In addition, the components lacked sufficient sturdiness and could easily be rendered inoperable.
 "Still, it doesn’t matter if the actual implementation is disappointing. It’s an attention grabber."
 The mere existence of the gimmick attracted a lot of attention. The Young Blood became known as the ultimate shield-bashing knight mech and its existence had been imprinted on countless Iron Spirit players.
 The best gimmicks bestowed otherwise normal mechs with seemingly inconceivable superpowers. Meanwhile, the worst gimmicks actually turned out to be a detriment on the battlefield.
 No matter the case, a gimmick always attracted a lot of attention, thereby making them the perfect marketing material.
 Ves knew that purist mech designers disdained the use of gimmicks. They would rather focus their efforts on maximizing the core performance of a mech. The more a mech designer emphasizes a gimmick, the worse the overall performance of the design in question.
 Adding a gimmick to a mech always came at the cost of weight, space, power or heat management. It also raised the price of the mech and disproportionately increased the maintenance burden.
 "A good gimmick justifies its existence. A bad gimmick becomes a weight that drags down the design."
 Ves did not even have to browse the galactic net to come across countless failed implementations.
 For example, one iconic example often bandied about in the mech industry was the Grenadier. Nominally, the designer designed the Grenadier as a Skirmisher. However, it carried a bandolier of high-explosive shells on its torso.
 The purpose of the Grenadier was to sneak behind enemy lines and inflict severe disruption with minimal footprint. Compared to missiles, grenades took up a lot less space and weight, and didn’t require any launchers either. The grenades also didn’t cost a lot of time and money to produce.
 Alas, the actual implementation fared much worse than the designer had intended. Almost every Grenadier that got caught got blown up when its opponents focused their fire on the bandolier. The Grenadier might be carrying around a lot of explosive might, but compared to missiles, they lacked much of the preventive measures against premature detonations.
 "I also can’t forget about the Adaptris."
 The Adaptris was a so-called multi-environmental mech. It was a heavy mech that was simultaneously an aquatic mech, a landbound mech, an aerial mech and a spaceborn mech.
 The mech designer of the Adaptris piled his mech up with so many systems that it could adapt in almost every circumstance. The logic of the Adatris was that since it could be fielded in almost every situation, it could be produced and fielded en masse. The advantages of scale would eventually outweigh the inherent inefficiencies in the design.
 Heavy mechs always strained the resources and industrial capacity of a state. If the Adaptris could be produced in enough numbers, then the heavy mech component of its military force would become ten times deadlier.
 Sadly, the designer had a few screws loose in his head. He somehow succeeded in pitching the idea to a handful of third-rate states, which allocated a huge portion of their limited industrial capacity in producing these gimmicky heavy mechs.
 For all their adaptability and theoretical performance, the mech designer hadn’t actually designed a good mech. The heavy mechs came laden with flaws due to the excess of different systems stuffed inside their frames. The most fatal flaw was that they ran out of power up to seventy percent faster than a normal heavy mech!
 With countless more examples just like this, the mech industry adopted a wary stance towards gimmicks. If a mech designer wanted to add something special to their mechs, they should better restrain themselves and keep their implementation modest.
 Ves did not intend to flaunt that rule. "The only mech designers who resort to gimmicks are those who can’t compete the normal way."
 Why did crazy designs like the Grenadier and the Adaptris come into existence in the first place? It was because their mech designers faced too much competition!
 They couldn’t compete against the market with their normal capabilities!
 "It’s too difficult to compete directly against mainstream mechs!"
 The dominant trans-galactic corporations ruled over the galactic mech industry from their headquarters in the galactic center. Design teams numbering dozens Masters and hundreds of Seniors focused all of their immense expertise into perfecting a single standard design at a time.
 How could any average mech designer compete against the best that humanity had to offer? Even though the galactic center was tens of thousands of light years away from the galactic rim, any newly published design from the center would instantly reach the rim through the galactic net.
 Within a single week, mech manufacturers around the galaxy would instantly produce at least a billion copies of the new design. Within a single month, the number of copies might surpass a trillion.
 The amount of demand for the latest mainstream mechs from the most reputable trans-galactic corporation could make any single mech designer die from envy!
 Fortunately, many states wouldn’t allow these trans-galactic corporations unrestricted access to their mech markets. They adopted a variety of measures, from tariffs to quotas to give their domestic mech industry a chance to survive.
 States had to be careful in implementing these trade policies.
 If they acted against foreign mechs with a heavy hand, they risked coddling their mech industry into complacency. Without the pressure of outside competition, the state’s domestic mech designers faced little incentive to exert their full efforts into maximizing the performance of their mechs.
 The difference might not become evident in a couple of years, but this sort of change always took its time to seep into the vitality of a state. After twenty years or more of continued decline, the strength of the domestic mech industry would be a shadow of its former self.
 The mechs that proliferated in this state that closed its market to outsiders wouldn’t be able to measure up against the mechs of their rivals. Many states ended up grinded beneath the feet of their neighboring states because they disregarded outside advancements.
 On the other hand, if a state treated foreign mechs too leniently, then their domestic mech industry would eventually atrophy, crippling its ability to design purpose-built mechs for their mech forces.
 This indirectly weakened the state’s ability to wage war, because mainstream mechs would always be analyzed to death by the entire galaxy. Their strengths and weaknesses would quickly become clear to all, including any possible opponents. It would be trivially easy to exploit these traits if an entire mech force consisted of the same handful of mainstream mech models.
 "The Bright Republic is in a difficult spot. I can’t blame them for opening up their market to mainstream mechs."
 The Bright Republic had to square off against the Vesia Kingdom, a larger and more populous third-rate state. It couldn’t afford to put too many restrictions on the high-performing mainstream designs that constantly proliferated from the galactic center.
 These extremely well-designed mechs provided the Mech Corps and the various private forces that operated within its borders with a readily available supply of high-quality mechs.
 Naturally, the Vesians often exploited the well-known weaknesses of these mainstream mechs, but that couldn’t be helped. Much more importantly, the pressure of galactic competition separated the wheat from the chaff. Incompetent mech designers had no place in the Republic. Only the best and most resilient mech designers continued to survive under these circumstances.
 "Still, I’m far away from competing against the mainstream mechs in an upright clash. I can only resort to tricks."
 Ves already had something interesting in mind. Before his latest trip to the Joe System, he agonized over the problem, but after he explored the crystal ruins, he quietly formed some ideas.
 The key to his gimmick lay in the composition of the crystal structures. Even if he didn’t understand the circuits embedded into the crystals, he would still be able to attempt to reproduce a copy of the naked crystals.
 All of this became possible due to his timely purchase of the Vulcaneye. The crystals bared all of its secrets against the powerful multiscanner.
 As Ves studied a projection of the crystal’s composition, he put his formidable knowledge and enhanced mind to use. Could he fabricate the crystals by himself?
 "It’s not possible." He shook his head. "It’s too costly."
 Coincidence or not, the composition of the crystals from the crystal city utilized exotics available in the Komodo Star Sector. Perhaps that might be why the crystal builders left behind a presence in the Joe System.
 However, an unimaginable amount of time had passed since the passing of the tiny alien species. The Komodo Star Sector back then looked a lot different than today. Several of the core ingredients could only be found in the center of the star sector, smack dab in the middle of the Friday Coalition.
 "Now that the Friday Coalition is clashing directly against the Hexadric Hegemony over the Glowing Planet, they’ll keep all of their high-value exotics to themselves."
 Ves also couldn’t forget about the drying imports. The surrounding star sectors also became engulfed in war. Few shipments of rare exotics made it all the way to the Komodo Star Sector these days.
 "If I can’t use the original composition, what about using substitutes?"
 Substituting an expensive or scarce material for a more readily available one happened all the time. Ves was no Master Katzenberg, but his breadth and depth of Skills and Sub-Skills gave him the basic qualifications to figure something out.
 "If labs contain samples of pretty much every exotic available in the Republic. As long as Lucky hasn’t emptied them all, I’ll have a good chance of creating an inferior copy."
 Ves fixated on the crystals because they formed the key to lowering the bulk of his laser rifle. He already applied some of the insights he learned from the crystal ruins into cutting down the bulk of the Tainted Sun. However, he could have done a much better job if he had some actual crystals to work with. The gamma laser rifle eventually failed to live up to its potential.
 "My next laser rifle will be a far cry from the Tainted Sun."
 He already gained a lot of experience designing the laser rifle’s big brother. Graser rifles demanded the utmost in terms of integrity, tolerance, power supply and heat management. Ves faced a lot less pressure if he designed a regular laser rifle.
 "The first gimmick will be to implement as much crystals as possible in the laser rifle."
 Ves already envisioned the laser rifle being smaller and slimmer than a standard model. Combined with the reduced weight of his rifleman mech design, the entire package would allow mech pilots to move faster and nimbler on the battlefield. At the very least, its mobility could compete head-on against the swiftest mainstream mechs in the same weight class.
 "Still, this isn’t enough."
 A better laser rifle only scratched the surface. Ves intended to embed a crystal in the frame of his design as well.
 A bold idea surfaced in his mind. He imagined a large crystal embedded in the head or the chest of a mech. It would accumulate energy over time, perhaps even absorbing enemy laser beams to charge itself faster. Once its energy accumulated up to a critical point, it disgorged its entire charge in a single powerful light beam.
 The idea sounded very fanciful and unrealistic. At the very least, Ves couldn’t recall any mech that had used such a gimmick. While many designs did in fact embed laser projectors directly onto the frame of a mech, only the most expensive second-class or first-class mechs employed such a gimmick.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "Laser projectors are vulnerable and present potential weak points. I’ll have to find a way to reproduce a crystal that’s both resilient and affordable enough."
 Ves turned to his lab and eyed the handful of high quality equipment. This would be the first time he put the capabilities of his lab to test.
 The work put his new capabilities to the test. If he hadn’t pushed his Intelligence and Physics to the next level, Ves wouldn’t dream about reverse engineering the alien crystals.
 However, he long stepped out of the confines of what an Apprentice Mech Designer should be capable of. His leapfrogging into Senior-level Physics provided Ves with a rudimentary ability to play around with exotics.
 Naturally, he wouldn’t be able to match the capabilities of a seasoned Journeyman or newly-advanced Senior. The main reason why Ves maintained his confidence was because he could reference his detailed scanner readings as well as a live sample.
 He carefully opened the box that held the corpse of the crystal builder he found in the crystal garden. As the supposed leader of the crystal garden, his cyborg corpse incorporated the highest quality of crystals. It varied only minutely with the composition of the crystal city, which in itself served as some sort of capital or refuge for the alien race.
 Ves treated the undecayed remains with reverence and respect. "I can’t imagine how many millions years it rested beneath that strange mass of plantmeat."
 He tried to date the remains, but failed to do so. His lab equipment didn’t come with this kind of capability. After all, why would a mech designer need to figure out the age of an alien artifact? He wasn’t an exobiologist nor a treasure hunter.
 All of the organic bits in the crystal-laden corpse had long decomposed into nothing, leaving only the resilient crystals that served as the body’s armor and mechanisms.
 Ves couldn’t imagine what kind of powers these augmentations bestowed to the leader. He must have been a formidable alien when he was still alive.
 He continually speculated on the alien leader’s story as he studied the crystal remains. He didn’t do so on a whim or because he was bored, but because he had a use for it later on. While he worked on deciphering and decomposing the exact nature of the alien crystals, he already branched out a part of his mind on the next phase of his design project.
 Now that he set a vision for his rifleman mech, he was ready to proceed with the construction of the images that powered its X-Factor.
 "It’s been a long time since I last worked on the X-Factor."
 His stint with the Whalers in the Glowing Planet campaign exposed him to a lot of mechs, but he didn’t get to design or produce any new ones. He mostly spent his efforts on repairs and modifications. These situations didn’t allow him to bestow any spirituality to the mechs he worked, except for maybe the Blackbeak he gifted to the Whalers.
 "I wonder how my first production model is faring."
 The potentially historic and priceless mech could have been saved up and sold for a massive fortune, but he gave it away without hesitation. It was a shame to part with such a valuable treasure, but Ves needed to prove his sincerity to the Whalers and couldn’t bring out any other mech at the time.
 He thought about asking Walter’s Whalers to hand back the first production model, but didn’t do so in the end. Now that the Whalers became one of the few small-scale gangs that earned a handsome reward for their efforts, they would soon grow in power and influence.
 Ordinarily, such a small but obscenely wealthy gang wouldn’t be capable of holding on to its assets. However, their previously-hidden relations with the Blood Claws scared away the vultures eying all of their wealth.
 From the latest weekly reports sent by his subordinates, Ves remained apprised of the gang’s current situation. It was no secret that they recruited a whole bunch of mech pilots and issued large amount of purchase orders for mechs as well.
 Strangely enough, this time they set their sights higher. Instead of buying bargain bin mechs valued at 3-5 million mechs, they started buying more expensive mainstay mechs with an average value of 30 million credits.
 Furthermore, they also ordered a handful of advanced mechs for their veteran pilots. They even placed a generous order for a handful of silver label Blackbeaks at the LMC. Ves sent back a message to prioritize the fabrication and delivery of the Blackbeaks to the Whalers.
 At this point in time, the interests of the LMC and the Whalers intersected with each other. They both occupied a vital position on the sleepy planet of Cloudy Curtain.
 Ves had even broken his rare isolation and initiated a call of Calsie through the isolated terminal to apprise himself of the latest news.
 "Calsie, what are the Whalers up to right now?"
 "They’re doing a lot of things at once. The Whalers are continuously expanding their numbers. They’re also upgrading their bases into highly defensive fortifications. I can tell that once they’ve finished their expansion, they’ll start to swallow some of the neighboring rural star systems."
 "That’s an ambitious plan! They sure have a big appetite!"
 In a time of war, the Whalers opted to spread their wings and expand their influence. It was a bold and risky action, but if they succeeded, they would no longer be putting all of their eggs in a single basket. If the Cloudy Curtain System fell, they still had a number of escape routes available to themselves.
 "How is the rest of Cloudy Curtain faring under these changes?"
 "Support for the Whalers have never been higher. The increased recruitments means that a lot of locals are joining up with the Whalers. Even if they aren’t very good mech pilots, the Whalers have hired a large number of trainers to shore up their new recruits. Right now, they only have numbers on their side, but after a couple of years of training, their strength will enter a whole new level."
 This meant that the Whalers would transition from a small an inconsequential rural collection of thugs into a true interstellar gang. Such a shift in scope brought a lot of prosperity to the Whalers, but only if they successfully pushed out their surrounding rivals.
 Ves turned to another topic once he finished asking about the Whalers. "Has anything changed in the political landscape? I don’t believe the farming consortiums are resigned to let the LMC and the Whalers take over their home planet."
 "I’m afraid you’re correct." Calsie regretfully sighed. "The farming consortiums along with the White Doves and the Greens have been collaborating quietly behind the scenes. It’s hard to keep track of their movements when the LMC and the Whalers make so much noise. Once they sprung their plan, it’s too late for the Pioneers to intervene."
 That sounded serious. Ves began to frown. "What happened?"
 "Our opposition pulled back their influence from Freslin and concentrated all of their strengths in Orinoco. Politically, they’ve abandoned Freslin to the mech fanatics and the supporters of the Pioneers in favor of turning Orinoco into their bulwark. It’s become impossible for us to penetrate the capital."
 Ves was taken aback at this news. With the onset of war and the increased prominence of mechs, he never imagined the ossified elites who long ruled over Cloudy Curtain like their own fief to stop the bleeding in this fashion.
 The more he thought about it, the more he admired whoever came up with this plan. By relocating their headquarters, businesses and supporters to the capital city, they maintained an impregnable position that couldn’t be assailed.
 Their decision had split Cloudy Curtain in half.
 "So right now, our influence is near absolute in Freslin, right?"
 "That’s correct, but that’s not as valuable as holding the capital. They still control the spaceport. They can implement any number of rules or collect any number of fees for every shipment that comes in and out of Cloudy Curtain."
 Ves scratched his chin in consternation. "It’s unlikely they’ll do so immediately. They’ll face a backlash if they purposefully hinder the LMC."
 "That’s what the Pioneers think as well. They’re keeping the White Doves and the Greens in check for now, but that’s no guarantee for the future."
 Calsie looked at Ves as if she hoped he would relent on his stance of maintaining his neutrality. The young law graduate had always made her allegiance to the business-friendly group very clear. Ves indeed continued to retain her for her connections. That didn’t mean he was inclined to change his mind.
 "Monitor the situation for now and inform me of any changes."
 Ves cut off the conversation and threw the local situation from his mind. Right now, what happened on the surface had little bearing on his work in the labs.
 His studies into the crystals had progressed to formulating different compositions of crystals. Using the machines in the lab, he produced more than a dozen attempts to reproduce the essence of the alien technology.
 He didn’t have any high-value exotics on hand, but the lab did come stocked with all manner of regular exotics in regular supply. All of his attempts so far resulted in outright failures. Every crystal he cultivated so far ended up as brittle as glass. If they possessed the strength to propagate a laser beam, then they only emitted enough energy to light a closet.
 "Difficult! Difficult! Difficult!"
 Ves did not expect to succeed in a single day, but he hoped to make an early breakthrough. The more time he wasted on trying to get this gimmick to work, the more he delayed to completion of his second original design.
 He set a solid deadline for himself. If he couldn’t produce a satisfactory result in two weeks, he would abandon any plans on implementing this gimmick in his design.
 In the meantime, he continued to ponder on the construction of the images.
 The Triple Division technique lay at the root of his current methodology in fostering the X-Factor in his designs. The strongest result he had ever achieved only scored into the C’s. Ves had always strived for breaking through the invisible barrier that held him back from scoring a B.
 Right now, his recent breakthroughs in spirituality showed him a light in the dark. It remained a possibility for now, but the idea in his mind presented a possible way to finally break through that persistent barrier.
 "The Triple Division technique is a way to superimpose three distinct images into a single amalgamation that’s stronger than the sum of its parts. Although it’s not possible to stuff three material objects into one, the rules in the imaginary dimensions are much less strict."
 The three images consisted of the base model, the totem animal and the human myth. Up until now, Ves treated the latter two as something completely within his mind. He could invent any number of imaginary creatures or persons with the traits he desired.
 However, their strengths remained largely in his mind.
 He only deviated from his pattern when he used the Triple Division technique on the Blackbeak. For the human myth, he took inspiration from Jackknife Jake, the deceased captain of the Velton Myrmidons of Moira’s Paradise.
 The aquatic planet lively mech scene and intense underwater mech duels had a profound effect on Ves, and Jackknife Jake’s tragic ending inspired Ves to incorporate the captain’s dauntless courage into the Blackbeak’s human myth.
 Ves hadn’t thought about it at the time, but now he realized he missed a precious opportunity to elevate the human myth.
 "The realm of the imaginary is powered by thoughts and emotion. Something which only exists in my mind can only hold so much strength. What if I use an image that’s shared by many, or carries the weight of history?"
 Ves eyed the miniature husk of the crystal leader that had endured a countless number of years. How many aliens looked up to this leader? How much influence did this alien wield in his lifetime?
 When Ves focused his sixth sense on the corpse, he could faintly sense a desolate flavor. The ancient alien corpse carried a unique strength that Ves hoped to borrow for his upcoming design.
 What would a rifleman mech look like if it carried some of the spirit of a long-dead alien leader?
 At the opening of the Komodo Star Sector, a fair number of colonists descended upon the far-flung region. Barren as it may be, its official recognition as a star sector under the collective rule and protection of the CFA and MTA turned it from a lawless frontier into a safe tract of stars.
 Right around the same time of the founding of the Bright Republic, another sovereign entity came into being. Founded by a wealthy individual with delusions of grandeur, the Vesia Kingdom came into being.
 The two newly-founded states butted heads almost immediately. The Bentheim port system formed the main sticking point. While the Vesians already occupied two other port systems, the greed and ambition of the newly inaugurated Vesian King knew no bounds.
 The fairly pacifistic Bright Republic had no choice but to stand their ground, or be engulfed by the Vesians over time. A third-rate state with control over three strategic port systems would certainly grow into a regional bully.
 If the Republic possessed no port system at all, it would never be able to match the growth of their neighboring rival.
 A war ensued almost immediately.
 As the Komodo Star Sector had been opened fairly early in the Age of Mechs, the two states mostly fumbled around with the new technology. The ancestor of the Larkinsons took part in the war on behalf of the Republic as a mercenary and distinguished himself against the unending aggression of the Vesians.
 Ever since then, the Vesians declared war and brazenly invaded the Bright Republic almost every single generation. As much as the Brighters wished to counterattack and deter the Vesians from lusting after their stars, they couldn’t match their lifelong opponents in population and industrial capacity.
 As the perennial underdogs of the conflict, the Bright Republic had no choice but to endure and take up a defensive posture.
 Months into the war, the Vesians took full control over the nominal border between the Kingdom and the Republic. The aggressors only considered this takeover as an appetizer. The main course had yet to be served.
 On the expansive command center of a majestic Vesian fleet carrier, an extravagant amount of bridge officers tirelessly worked to prepare their fleet led for the upcoming operation.
 An officer clad in a dark brown uniform slowly hovered up to the floating circular platform that looked down on the command center. A young woman barely in her thirties sat upon an ornate throne-like chair with her back as straight as steel. Her brilliantly coiffed blond hair framed a charmingly delicate face, which unfortunately took on an iron-willed expression.
 Her purple uniform stood out from the rest. In addition, a distinctive golden epaulet adorned her left shoulder. It depicted a hand holding aloft a notched sword with 5 blazing silver stars on top.
 Anyone in the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom knew what this image represented.
 The Kingdom adopted the hand with the notched sword as their national symbol. It represented the nobility of their polity, and only a fraction of the population earned the right to wear this symbol.
 Those who carried the hand with the notched sword on their epaulet served in the Mech Legion. Practically every officer in the Mech Legion was invariably a noble.
 With the five silver stars shining down on the hand with the notched sword, The lady in purple stood above the rest. The Vesian Kingdom adopted a condensed version of the standard human ranks of nobility. The number of stars reflected the rank, while their color hinted at their relation to the rank.
 The lowest and only non-hereditary rank was knight. It only shone with a single star. Most often, those who earned the rank of knight distinguished themselves in battle. The rank of knight opened up a lot of avenues to these warriors. They were always addressed as Sirs.
 The next rank was baron, and it was the first true rank of nobility. Not only was it hereditary, it also came attached with a fief. Their Houses often formed the backbone of the middle ranks of the Mech Legion. The rank of baron shone with two stars.
 The rank after that was count. Anyone who inherited the rank of count was a true mover and shaker within the Kingdom. Many higher officers carried the rank of count, and they also had a say in how the Kingdom should be run. The rank of count shone with three illustrious stars.
 Arguably the most powerful rank was duke. A small number of dukes and duchesses carved up the Vesia Kingdom into several dukedoms, over which their Houses ruled with near-absolute impunity. Even the Vesian royals only exerted a limited amount of influence in the core stars ruled by the dukes. This powerful rank shone with five blazing stars.
 The second-to-last rank was the rank of prince. Only a member of the Vesian royal family carried this rank. They wielded a vast amount of power, but simultaneously held very little authority. The rank of prince shone with seven fiery stars.
 As for the monarch who ruled over them all, only the king carried the right to bear the nine majestic suns. The symbol incomparably outshone the rest.
 Besides the royal ranks, the symbols could further be distinguished from the color of the stars.
 Those who carried stars in bronze only shared peripheral relations with the noble in question. These would often be members of branch families or those who had been adopted in the family of the noble.
 Those with silver stars consisted of the direct descendants of the noble that ruled over their lineage. They possessed the right to inherit the title and properties of their parents.
 Only the true holders of the rank carried golden stars. They ruled over their noble Houses with a tyrannical amount of power. Only they earned the right to be addressed by their ranks.
 Besides knights, the other members of their House could only be addressed by Lord or Lady.
 In that regard, the Vesia Kingdom hadn’t deviated too much from the standard pattern of neo-feudalism in human space.
 Currently, the woman possessed an immense amount of power. Her epaulet directly indicated that she stood a chance of inheriting the Imodris Dukedom. She carried as much authority as the Duchess of Imodris herself, who ruled over the dukedom with an iron fist.
 The noble lady looked over the expansive projection engulfing the entire front portion of the command center. Hundreds of fleet carriers, combat carriers and transports awaited her command. The amount of power at her fingertips would intoxicate any individual, but the woman treated it as normal as breathing air.
 Once the officer arrived at the throne, he thumped his chest with his fist. "Reporting, ma’am! Every regiment of the 3rd Imodris Legion has reported in. The fleet is ready to transition into FTL."
 "Has the destination been set, Sir Jameson?"
 The knight nodded submissively at the woman he had served since the start of her career in the Mech Legion. "The fleet will arrive at the uninhabited Coxer System in approximately seven days."
 The woman frowned. "That is too slow. This is only the first of seven hops. The Duchess has commanded me to reach the Bentheim region within two months. The entire strategic deployment of the Imodris Mech Army rests on the timing of our operation."
 "My apologies, Lady Amalia." Sir Jameson bent her head. "I shall convey your wishes to the admiral and exhort him to make more haste."
 "That is good. I do not wish to hear any further excuses. Dismissed."
 Half an hour went by as a handful of engineers across the fleet prepared their ships for a distant transition.
 The further their destination, the riskier the hop, especially if they wanted to travel to a smaller star. If they failed to navigate the gravitic waves in the higher dimensions during FTL, they might get thrown off-course and emerge hundreds or even thousands of light-years away. Often times, they ended up in a completely random position in space as well.
 Many wayward ships that encountered mishaps in FTL ended up several star sectors away. They lucked out compared to the rest, as over sixty percent of the ships that went off course would never be heard again.
 People used to believe they disappeared somewhere else, until extensive investigation revealed that they’d been sucked into a major gravity well. That almost always meant they crashed into a sun or a black hole.
 Thus, the coordinated jump into FTL had to be done with care and precision. The transports that carried the supplies and provisions of the fleet required extra attention in this regard. Their engineers poured every bit of energy into pushing the transports to keep up with the rest.
 Once Lady Amalia received another notice that the fleet would arrive at their initial destination a little faster, she stood up from her throne.
 Hidden recorders flared to life. The massive viewscreen in front of the command center switched to project the commanding officer of the 3rd Imodris Legion. Almost every single projector aboard every ship relayed the same event to the rest of the fleet.
 "Citizens of Imodris. On this day, my mother the Duchess of Imodris has given me a command. Within six months, the pathetic Republic’s precious Bentheim region must burn and quake! The 3rd Imodris Legion will be the vanguard of their doom! As the tip of the spear, we shall drive the Brighters to tears!"
 "Imodris!"
 Every serviceman of the 3rd Imodris Legion had stood up and held their fists to their chest. Whether they served as spacers or mech pilots, they respected Lady Amalia from the depths of their hearts. She carried the will of the Duchess of Imodris.
 "Fight well, hold nothing back, and kill as many Brighters as you can. Their Republic is soft and ripe for the picking! We have devastated them time and time again, rendering them helpless and mewling for peace. Vesians! Shall we grant them mercy?"
 "No!" The entire bridge thundered. The same word echoed throughout the rest of the fleet as the servicemen of the 3rd Imodris Legion collectively stood behind their leader.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "In the coming operation, we will transition deep into Republican space. I hope to see the 3rd Imodris Legion smash aside their feeble in-system defenses and stomp their precious industries to the ground! The perils of fighting behind enemy lines are great, but we are doing Imodris and the rest of the Kingdom an important service! Does the 3rd Imodris Legion lack any courage? No! Because we are fearless! We are dauntless! We are invincible!"
 "Imodris! Imodris! Imodris!"
 The entire legion became invigorated by her speech. Their hunger for glory and their duty to Imodris drove them to a state of hysteria. Every subject of the Kingdom had been brought up to hate the Bright Republic since birth.
 The Kingdom’s conflict with the Republic was deep seethed and irreconcilable. Conflicts of territory turned into an accumulation of grudges and a never-ending cycle of revenge. The Vesians would never rest until they ground the Republic beneath the heel of their boots.
 "Imodris shies away from battle! The other dukedoms may be dragging their feet and continue to cautiously probe the Mech Corps, but Imodris is different! We shall take the bull by the horns and teach our enemies a lesson they won’t forget! Once the history books speak of this war, it will be the 3rd Imodris Legion who will shine the brightest!"
 "For the Third!"
 "For Imodris!"
 "For the Kingdom!"
 Lady Amalia maintained her impassioned posture and kept on grinning before the recorders. She only dropped her performance once the transmission cut off. Once she returned to her throne, she seated herself in a languid manner and resumed her next calculations.
 She turned back to Sir Jameson, who had been quietly standing by her side. "Major, what are the odds of success? Tell me the truth."
 "Our analysts aren’t optimistic about our current plans." Jameson minutely frowned. "Her Grace the Duchess of Imodris expects much from the Third. Too much, perhaps."
 Lady Amalia smiled coyly. "That just indicates my mother’s regard for me. It is true that we are about to enter head-long into the jaws of the decrepit beast that stands for the Republic, but this is a role that I volunteered for myself. If we succeed, the 3rd Imodris Legion shall be known throughout the Kingdom as the legion that has struck the first true blow."
 The major nodded at her words, but refrained from voicing his misgivings. As veteran of the previous war, Jameson knew that the Bright Republic wouldn’t roll over for the Mech Legion without a fight.
 Perhaps Lady Amalia knew that herself, but she desperately needed to distinguish herself on the battlefield. As the sixth-born of the Duchess of Imodriss, the fight to inherit the dukedom was not in her favor. Her older siblings had decades ahead of her and built up a vast network of nobles.
 No one in the noble circles favored the tragic Lady Amalia, who had been born too late.
 She wanted to prove them all wrong.
 Back in the underground labs of the newly-christened Mech Nursery, Ves continued to develop new iterations of crystals. He minutely adjusted their composition and patterns, gaining more data by the day.
 Most of the time, the crystals turned out to be outright failures. Ves had never eliminated the odds of producing brittle and opaque pieces of crystal. Let alone being embedded into the chest of a mech, they wouldn’t even qualify as laser pointers.
 "Why is this so difficult?!"
 A depressing week marked with constant failures had already gone by. Ves kept trying to discover suitable substitutes to the original composition of the alien crystals with unerring persistence, but even his upgraded Intelligence and Physics hadn’t been able to guarantee a quick success.
 The unending setbacks taught Ves that he underestimated the enormity of working around exotics. Properly speaking, Ves should have delegated this work to a team of specialists. Lately, he started to consider if it might be a good idea to get some people on board this project.
 After weighing the pros and cons, he decided not to do so at this time. "The LMC hasn’t grown to the point of justifying a dedicated research team."
 Ves could easily hire a horde of average researchers who graduated from regular institutions like the Rittersberg University of Technology. However, average wouldn’t cut it. His Senior-level Physics vastly outshone almost every other physicist in the Republic.
 An accumulation of the highest mech-related physics knowledge over several decades was nothing to scoff at. Only other older mech designers or true talents in the field of physics could match his intellectual acumen.
 "It’s useless to take on a bunch of dummies when I can do everything better myself. If I have to form a dedicated research department, then I’ll have to find a way to hire the best."
 Only true talents and leaders in their fields entered his discernment. However, it was exactly because of their competitive that everyone else already valued them highly.
 Major companies, institutes and governments had already hooked their claws in them even before they graduated. As long as any student revealed some talents, they’d be recruited on the spot and received extensive training from their organizations upon graduation.
 These talents would quietly disappear from the public and henceforth dedicate their entire being for the organization that coddled them like precious treasures.
 Ves wouldn’t be able to hire anyone with actual skill from the job market for this reason. "I can’t form a design team the conventional way."
 The LMC had only just begun to transform into a medium mech manufacturer. It still fell behind a true medium manufacturer in many other ways, from production capacity to research and development. In a way, it hadn’t completely shaken off the trappings of a small mech manufacturer.
 "Well, I still have one more week to go. I refuse to give up now that I’ve generated all of this data."
 Each failure brought him closer to success. He continued to rule out the wrong directions, leaving only a handful of narrow paths which might bring him to his desired outcome as long as he didn’t stumble upon a dead end.
 In the meantime, Ves mentally tried to construct an elaborate set of images for his upcoming design.
 This time, he planned to incorporate an alien into the ’human’ myth. Actually calling this type of image the human myth was just an expedient way for Ves to describe its purpose.
 "The base role sets the foundation while the totem animal strengthens the primal instincts. The so-called human myth is needed to insert higher thought into the gestalt that influences the X-Factor."
 Ves was no exobiologist, but he believed the crystal builders had developed their own form of civilization. Their ruins provided no evidence that they acted like savages that acted solely on their baser instincts.
 Thus, even if he knew almost nothing about the crystal builders, he still wished to draw upon the existence of the deceased crystal leader as an image.
 In order to build up an accurate image and take advantage of the crystal leader’s immense potential, Ves tried to commune with its remains, in a sense. He constantly attempted to prod and poke the crystal leader’s crystalline corpse with his severely underdeveloped spirituality while he continued to work on forming new crystals.
 He mainly relied on a set of assumptions to drive his current action. No human in the galaxy knew how spirituality worked, let alone Ves, but believed his original design would gain a lot of strength if he succeeded in roping in the spirit of the crystal builder.
 "Whether it’s the alien’s actual spirit or merely an imprint that he left behind in the fabric of history is still a question."
 What happened when someone died? Humanity developed all kinds of fanciful theories, and Ves developed his own idea. If someone’s spirituality became detached from their bodies due to death or other reasons, Ves believed that he could reel it in and make use of it in his designs.
 Ves tried hard not to refer to the spiritual remnants as souls, because it carried a lot of theological implications. Religions around the galaxy would go nuts if they heard a description of what he planned to do. In their perspective, what was attempting to do might be considered necromancy or an attempt to play god!
 He had to stifle his chuckle. "It’s not like I’m trying to resurrect the dead. If some spiritual remnants are floating around in the imaginary realms for eons, then I might as well repurpose them for something useful."
 Spoken like a true rationalist. He did not consider his actions as desecrating the dead and felt absolutely no guilt about his actions. All that talk about reincarnation, purgatory, redemption had nothing to do with him. Well water didn’t interfere with river water.
 In general, citizens of non-religious states always held a bias against any form of religion. The Bright Republic valued rationality very highly, so it was the strongest adherent to this unspoken rule.
 Ves never stopped giving up his attempt to trace the spiritual remnant of the crystal leader, although his hopes started to dim as a few more days went by.
 In contrast, his constant experimentation with the crystals started to bear fruit. They stopped being easy to break and they became capable of projecting a significant amount of power.
 "Looks like I finally grasped the right direction. Right now, I need to strengthen the formula."
 He only created a nail-sized piece of crystal. This was barely large enough for a toy laser pistol.
 A laser crystal suitable enough for a mech-sized rifle should at least be the size of a chair. As for the crystal that Ves planned to embed in the chest or head, it should be at least twice or thrice as large.
 Whenever he attempted to synthesize anything larger, cracks and faults started to appear. Ves believed that he would eventually be able to minimize the incidence of faults as long as he became more proficient. Still, the process demanded the utmost of his capabilities and his extensive familiarity with the nature of the crystals.
 No one else would be able to replicate his feats even if they got a hold of the blueprints. While Seniors and Masters should be able to crack the secret, they had better things to do than to pay attention to a trivial Apprentice Mech Designer.
 At the very least, none of his direct competitors would be able to imitate his gimmick.
 While it gratified him to achieve a significant amount of process in this area, his search to grasp the spiritual remnant still remained empty-handed. Eventually, Ves stopped his lab work and took a break.
 He entered a small kitchen area and pressed a button on the large automatic cooking machine. The advanced device recombined the stored nutrient packs into a close imitation of sausage and mash.
 Ves grabbed his plate and set it down on a nearby table and begun to dig in.
 A few minutes later, Lucky floated through the walls and brushed against Ves in a familiar greeting. When Ves attempted to scratch Lucky’s face, the mischievous cat quickly turned intangible again.
 "Meow!"
 "Oh come on, little buddy. You can’t avoid my touch forever!"
 Lucky swirled around Ves in a playful gesture before landing atop the kitchen machine to rest. In the past few weeks, Lucky continued to break inside the highly secured storerooms that secured a precious stock of expensive exotics. Not a single security measure proved capable of hindering Lucky’s thieving claws.
 At the very least, the cat didn’t abuse his powers too much. He only nibbled a few bites before he contently left the storerooms. Ves still had plenty of inventory left to continue his experimentation on the crystals.
 As he ate his meal, he looked at his contented cat with a thoughtful expression. "How well can you control your intangible state, Lucky?"
 "Meow." Lucky lazily shifted from tangibility and intangibility and back several times over, demonstrating a complete level of control over the strange phenomenon.
 Ves looked down on his own hand and willed his mind to turn the limb intangible.
 He failed.
 "Damnit, why doesn’t it work for me? Is my Spirituality Attribute not high enough?"
 Ves experienced a lot of crazy things ever since he embarked on his career as a mech designer. He discovered the X-Factor, ate a strange heavenly flower in Groening IV and met a ghost that looked and acted a lot like his mother on the Glowing Planet.
 In his latest adventure, he even peeled back the veil on spirituality and unified a lot of related theories and assumptions. Nevertheless, spirituality remained a marginal buzzword so long he couldn’t make use of this knowledge.
 "I’m missing something important. Why can’t I extend my reach into the imaginary dimensions? Why am I unable to turn my body intangible?"
 Perhaps an individual could only specialize in a narrow application of spirituality.
 For example, Ves excelled in creating images from nothing and imprinting them onto a design.
 Lucky took to intangibility like a fish to water.
 Elite mech pilots specialized in drawing out the hidden potential of exotics through resonance.
 High-ranked mech designers fitted different configurations of exotics together and bestowed new strengths onto their designs as if they performed magic.
 "Can someone only do one of these things at a time?"
 Ves did not believe that was the case. Perhaps elite mech pilots were the ones who monopolized the ability to resonate with exotics, but every other ability should be within his fingertips.
 If only he had some sort of guide in this endeavor. From the start of his exploration into spirituality, he worked completely by himself. He could trust no one else with his advancements.
 He had no qualms in admitting his selfishness. If he discovered something good, would he share it with the rest of the galaxy like a good samaritan?
 Nope.
 He wanted to keep his secrets to himself and take advantage of everyone else’s ignorance. Why shouldn’t he profit from his own work? The rest of humanity fared well enough on its own, and besides, everyone withheld their own secrets.
 "The MTA,the CFA, the first-rate superstates and the heretical organizations like the Five Scrolls Compact all hold their own secrets. If they aren’t sharing anything, why would I?"
 Therefore, as much as Ves wanted to bring in others to help him with his research, he persisted in charting his course alone.
 Perhaps the only people he would make an exception for were his parents. "Father, where are you?"
 Last he heard, his father still mixed with the dark mercenaries in the lawless region of the Nyxian Gap. Ves hoped his father kept his head down there. He had no doubt his father would be able to avoid his pursuers and eke out an existence among the endless asteroid fields of the Gap.
 As for his mother, Ves tried hard not to think about her. He always believed she had died quietly in her bed when he was young, but recent events kept prompting him to reconsider his beliefs.
 "Are you still alive?"
 As much as he wanted to move on from his mother’s death, Ves still couldn’t get over his hopes.
 Too bad Ves had left the ghost behind on the Glowing Planet. With the Hegemony and the Coalition fighting over the resource-rich planet, it shouldn’t last very long. Once the planet broke into pieces, any hopes of meeting the ghost of his mother would fade away.
 Just then, a slim, pale hand reached out from behind and placed a juicy apple in front of his empty plate.
 "You shouldn’t eat those foods assembled from nutrient packs all the time. It’s not as healthy as organically grown food."
 Ves yelped and jumped from his chair like a scalded cat. He threw aside the table with the plate and apple and rolled forward in panic. He fumbled inside his pockets until he retrieved the Amastendira.
 He pointed the laser pistol straight at the floating white specter that had crept up behind him. "Mother!"
 "Mama! Papa!"
 "Come here, Vessie boy!"
 A cute, black-haired toddler waddled over to his parents, who looked down on their son with eager grins. Ryncol Larkinson, a mech pilot of the Mech Corps, and Cynthia Larkinson, a wedding photographer and graphical artist, waited until their boy stumbled out of their house with his little legs.
 Cynthia picked the boy up and gave him a loving smooch. "Who do you love more? Mama or papa?"
 Little Vessie gazed at his mother and father with a confused expression. He put his thumb in his mouth and sucked on it. "Hmmm... mommy! I love mommy the best!"
 The two began to cuddle affectionately while their father Ryncol ruefully looked on. "But you love daddy too, right!"
 "Daddy!"
 The little boy, now a little bit older, felt warm all over as his mother tucked him into his bed. She kissed him more than a dozen times on the cheek, making him feel as if the scary night had faded away.
 "Mommy?"
 "Yes, honey?"
 "I want a sister. Can you give me a sister?"
 "Oh, Vessie." His mother kissed him yet again. "Just wait a couple of years. It’s not time yet."
 "Please hurry. All my other friends have sisters but I don’t have any."
 "I promise you, Ves. You will have lots of brothers and sisters to play with in the future."
 His mother stroked his cheek and couldn’t resist giving Ves another kiss. After making sure the little nightlight stayed on, she left his room, allowing the little boy to enter a blissful state of rest.
 "Mommy! Look at what daddy got me!"
 The little boy, having grown up a little bit more, scampered over the grass towards his mother. He held a toy rifleman mech in one hand which he showed with childish glee.
 A slim dark-haired woman sat next to a tree under the murky clouds of Cloudy Curtain. Despite the grim-looking skies, the woman smiled as if nothing in the galaxy could ruin her day. She picked the little boy up and held him on her lap.
 "Oh, what’s this, Vessie?"
 "It’s the latest Oncalix Systems GTNVC-39BE! It even has the underbarrel grenade launcher attachment! Look at how cool it is!"
 Cynthia indulgently stroked her son’s head. "Vessie boy, your father has given you enough mechs for toys. Isn’t it enough? How about a stuffed tiger?"
 "Noooooooooo! I want more! I never have enough mechs!"
 The boy kept nagging his mother for more toy mechs. He wanted to play with the entire collection of Oncalix Systems. Ves only had their rifleman and skirmisher mech models. His friend Joey who lived down the streets in the suburbs of Freslin constantly bragged about owning all nine toy models.
 "I’ll promise you another toy if you’ve been good. If you make mommy happy, I’ll buy you another toy next month!"
 "Moooom! That’s too long! The Oncalyx Systems mechs will grow old by then!"
 His mother sighed. She understood nothing about his son’s fascination for mechs, yet she knew that every other boy was just the same.
 "Get back, I’ve got a gun!"
 Ves, now a full adult, pointed the resplendent-looking Amastendira at the apparition that suddenly appeared behind him without warning.
 It should have been impossible for anyone to sneak into his private workshop floor! Several meters of pure alloy walls engulfed the floor, which was several kilometers underground. State-of-the-art sensors monitored any disturbances in the soil around the exterior of the floor.
 As long as anyone tried to penetrate the vicinity of the Mech Nursery, they would undoubtedly get caught!
 At least, that was the intention. Yet he made a massive oversight! Ves had not considered defending against energy beings that could turn their entire bodies intangible!
 The trivial manner in which Lucky passed through high-security walls and vaults with contemptuous ease should have triggered some warning bells in his head!
 The ghost looked much more formidable this time. Last time, the energy being that pretended to be his mother had casually stolen the high-grade Rorach’s Bone that should have been his reward. Thankfully, he excavated another sample of high-grade ore on his own, but he always wondered why his mother took it away.
 Now he knew. The ghost obviously used up the Rorach’s Bone to her own benefit. Her exterior shone with milky white radiance that closely matched Lucky’s own appearance.
 The resemblance was uncanny. Nothing except high-grade Rorach’s Bone could have caused the two to look so similar.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 His mother dismissed his pistol-brandishing form with a wave of her dainty hand. "Ves, put that toy away. You’re no soldier. It’s dangerous to play around with guns."
 The way she commanded him to put away his weapon sounded extremely familiar to Ves. She used to adopt the same motherly tone of voice when Ves stayed up too late while playing with his miniature mechs.
 Some instinct buried deep within his bones moved his body before his mind could process the request. His arm automatically lowered the pistol before he sobered up.
 "Your tricks won’t work on me!" An angry frown appeared on his face as he raised his pistol and aligned the barrel to his mother’s figure. "Stay back! I’ll really shoot you if you come close!"
 The ghost tutted as she slowly hovered forward. The closer she neared, the more Ves felt pressured. An invisible cloying miasma surrounded his mother that brushed against his sixth sense.
 Strangely enough, this time his mother didn’t leech off his internal energy cycle. His mother seemed much more complete. Perhaps she had grown stronger to the point where she didn’t have to rely on outside sustenance for the moment.
 Ves did not let down his guard in any case. This deceptive energy being certainly had an agenda of some sorts. Her intentions would certainly be detrimental to him. His attitude remained harsh and he even dialed up the power of his laser pistol.
 "Stop! Don’t come any closer! Lucky, help me!"
 "Meow?"
 Lucky kept lounging on top of the kitchen machine. The abrupt presence of another intangible presence hadn’t alarmed him in any way. He completely treated the ghost that wore his mother’s face as family.
 His mother smirked and held out a hand. An unknown piece of glowing mineral materialized in her palm. Once it became solid, she threw it towards the cat.
 "Lucky, is that what Vessie named you? Be a dear and play outside. I need some time alone with my son."
 "Meow!"
 Lucky jumped up to catch the mineral in his jaws, having partially materialized his upper body to manage the feat. Once he secured his snack, he eagerly floated away, leaving Ves to fend off his mother without any backup.
 Even though he expected the betrayal, he still looked disappointed. "This stupid cat."
 "As I said, my dear, don’t forget who gifted you these toys. You have no idea where he comes from. Only your father and I are aware of his origins."
 "Stop it! Just stop it!" Ves couldn’t take it any longer. "My mother is dead! You are just some wraith who somehow managed to escape from the Glowing Planet! I don’t know how you got out, but don’t think you can act with impunity in my presence! This time I can hit you back!"
 His mother dropped her smirk. She closed her eyes in exasperation. "Vessie, while I am not happy that you’ve clung to mechs in your adulthood, at least you haven’t become a soldier. I’m proud to see you grow up to become a successful man, but you should at least recognize that you have no business pointing a gun at your mother."
 As she spoke, she slowly floated closer. She completely disregarded the threat of the Amastendira, as if she treated him like he was a five year old holding up a toy gun to her body.
 Ves struggled against the competing impulses of his instincts, his fear and his rational mind. The ghost had crossed the halfway point by the time he resolved his internal contradictions.
 No matter the truth, he couldn’t allow the ghost to get close. Before he ascertained the threat, he should keep it well away from his vicinity.
 "Stop! If you come closer, I’ll really shoot. This is your last warning!"
 Again, his mother didn’t look deterred. She calmly floated closer as if she wanted to bait him into action.
 After several seconds of second-guessing, Ves steeled his heart and pulled the trigger.
 A bright and thick laser beam emerged from the Amastendira and pierced straight through his mother’s intangible form. The beam continued to strike the wall behind and bore a hole straight through the thick layers of alloy, ceramics and composites.
 Against the might of a fully-powered laser beam from the Amastendira, everything in its way devolved into non-existence. The beam carved out over five hundred meters of solid walls and bedrock before its energy ran out.
 Such a mighty laser beam could have threatened a mech or carved open the belly of a transport ship.
 Even more remarkable, the laser beam also carried a hint of spirituality. It was one of the mastercrafted pistol’s most cherished features, and allowed the wielder to fend off all manner of energy beings that roamed the galaxy.
 It should have annihilated his mother, or at least inflicted grievous wounds on her intangible form.
 Instead, the instant before he pulled the trigger, a hole had already emerged in his mother’s intangible form. It lined up exactly with the trajectory of the beam. Thus, his mother evaded damage entirely. The peripheral heat that bloomed around the laser beam posed no threat to intangible forms at all.
 The hand that held the Amastendira started to shake. Ves had never expected the ghost to pull off this kind of move. Such an insane reaction speed akin to precognition wouldn’t have been out of place if he faced an expert mech pilot, but this was his mother! When she was still alive, she was a photographer!
 The quick reaction further reinforced the idea in his mind that he faced an impostor.
 Ves attempted to pull the trigger again, but held off at the last second. His mother would likely react in the same manner. The first laser beam had already inflicted a large amount of collateral damage. The containment of his private workshop floor had been breached, and it was extremely expensive and troublesome to fix all of the damage.
 He instead walked back, trying to keep his distance from his mother. He started to circle in order to avoid cornering himself like last time. His mother followed suit, and they slowly spun around the kitchen area as if he was a giggling young boy running around in circles while his mother playfully chased after her son.
 Naturally, Ves did not feel any amusement at the tense standoff. "Tell me why you’re here! How did you escape the Glowing Planet?"
 The woman shook her head. "The so-called Glowing Planet was never my home. I do have to thank the Republic, though. Without their intervention, I would have never get past the monsters that you’ve called the devourers."
 Obviously, his mother took advantage of the vacuum that ensued when Gregarious Wrath met and killed off the devourers and devourer king.
 "What does that have to do with your presence here? Why can’t you bother some other schmuck?!"
 "Because I only have a single son. You are my only child, and nothing will stop me from meeting you again."
 Her mother spoke those words with such a sweet tone that Ves mentally admired her performance. She truly performed her role to perfection. Even Ves couldn’t spot any flaws.
 "I suppose you stowed away aboard one of the ships that evacuated from the Glowing Planet. An energy being like you can probably make yourself undetectable if you wanted to. Am I right?"
 "Correct, but that is not the entire story. You see, you are sorely mistaken if you believe I am some indigenous life form from the Glowing Planet."
 Ves widened his eyes.
 "The Glowing Planet is merely an opportunity. I’ve always been there. Only now am I able to appear before you in this form."
 Deceptive witch! Her words muddled up his judgement until he became completely confused whether he should treat the ghost as his enemy or his mother.
 Ves tried hard to keep his mind on track. No matter what her mother claimed to be, she still remained a potential threat. "You haven’t answered my question! Why are you here!?"
 The ghost definitely had a purpose in revealing her presence to him at this time. Indeed, his mother smirked and materialized a familiar object in her grasp.
 "You’ve been bumbling around like an idiot with this toy for over a week. As your mother, it’s my duty to set you back onto the right path."
 "What?"
 Ves recognized the object in her palm. It was the crystalline remains of the leader he found in the crystal gardens. Ever since he started on developing the gimmick for his upcoming design, he continually studied the intricacies of the corpse.
 All the organic parts had decayed away, leaving only pure crystals behind. Ves discovered that the quality of the miniature crystals surpassed those that made up the ruins the alien race had left behind.
 He even figured out some of the rudimentary principles of the crystal augmentations. The tiny corpse that could fit in the palm of his hands possessed a lot of powerful cybernetic prowess in its crystal circuits.
 Last he remembered, he left the corpse behind in his lab equipment.
 "I know what you intend to do." His mother continued as she waved around the crystal leader’s corpse. "You are doing it wrong. Do you realize the enormity of pulling back a vestige of the past? How arrogant to believe you can take what you want."
 Ves temporarily ignored his mother’s identity and the fact that she held one of his precious artifacts. For more than a week, he attempted to connect with the remains and attempted to trace some sort of spiritual presence that had been left behind.
 So far, he completely failed to grasp a single useful thing. Thus, despite facing a ghost, Ves couldn’t help but grow curious.
 "What do you suggest?"
 "There are many ways of accomplishing your goals, but most of them will result in fruitless outcomes. You are too weak and ignorant to know what you are doing. There is only one method that is suitable for a human with your strength."
 Ves practically stood on his toes. He eagerly wanted to hear his mother’s solution. "What method is that?"
 "You must beseech the individual from beyond the grave. Resonate with his life, and let it borrow from your strength. A price must be paid."
 Resonate with a dead person’s life?
 She demonstrated the method in front of him. Her milky-white ghost-like form flickered as she concentrated on the object in her hand. "The sentient being who inhabited this corpse has left behind a lot of regrets. His race is dead. His legacy is gone. Too much time has passed. What remains is only traces of his former self. Yet it is exactly those traces that are the strongest and most enduring parts. You only need to gather the most suitable one for your purposes."
 Ves saw the light. He previously believed that the alien leader’s spirituality might have drifted somewhere in some distant dimension. He hadn’t realized that it might have been split up.
 "How do I attract a portion of its spirituality?"
 "As I said, you resonate with its desires. For example..." His mother looked down on the small but incredibly durable crystal corpse. "This individual is part of a long-dead race. What stands out for you?"
 "Uhm, it’s exquisite and small."
 "Indeed, it’s small. His entire race is small. You can fit an entire crowd of these aliens in your hands. Now ask yourself, how do their stature compare to the average sentient alien beings in the galaxy?"
 "Leaving out the weirder forms of life like the silicate sandmen, they’re really tiny. You can hardly find any smaller humanoid aliens out there."
 "In the perspective of these aliens, the rest of the galaxy is a frightening place. It is filled with monstrous giants who can easily crush them beneath their feet if they will it so. Their bodies, their weapons and their ships are tens or hundreds times larger than those of this diminutive race."
 Ves started to understand what the crystal leader felt. "The tragedy of the small."
 "Indeed, the tragedy of the small! Their race held a lot of potential, but the scale in which they worked with has crippled their development as soon as they met other space-faring races."
 Ves could easily imagine what others races thought of the tiny aliens. At first contact, those aliens with normal body sizes compared to humans must have treated the crystal builders with contempt.
 "It is this alien’s eternal regret that their race has been born so small. No matter which alien race they tried to engage, they were never taken seriously. It has even led to their eventual downfall."
 "How did you know all of this?"
 "Because the fragment that holds this regret has told me so."
 Her other palm flickered and a tiny silvery flame hovered over it. Ves became shocked when he sensed his sixth sense pinging at the flame.
 It was another form of life!
 "Is that...?"
 "Indeed, this is a fragment."
 Ves worked so hard to summon something like this. A small part of his mind believed that it couldn’t be done because it sounded so fantastical. Was there really life beyond death?
 His mother thrust out her palm, which pushed the flame away from her. It gently drifted over to Ves, who tried to take hold of the flame.
 He failed. The flickering flame pushed right past his hand and went through his body! If he couldn’t stop it from traveling forward, it would certainly disappear into the earth!
 "Use your gifts, Vessie. I know you can do it!"
 Driven by panic, Ves hastily focused his mind on his free hand. He still held onto the Amastendira, but he threw all thoughts of shooting his mother to the side. Compared to her foreboding presence, he eagerly wished to obtain her insights.
 Ves eventually managed to halt the flame from submerging into the walls. It took a very special kind of focus to affect the silvery fragment. His mother had been right in that he needed to understand their perspective.
 He didn’t actually stop it with his hands. Instead, he reached out with his mind and tried to connect with it with a sympathetic viewpoint.
 The fragment acted much like a bot who responded to only certain commands. With his mother’s help, Ves finally cracked the secret.
 "I understand. The fragment is a remnant of a sentient life, but it isn’t actually capable of independent thought. The only way to influence it is if I send out thoughts that drive the fragment to action."
 Just then, Ves resonated with the fragment by plainly showing it an image of a rifleman mech. His rich creativity painted a detailed scene which compared the mech to the scale of the crystal garden.
 The mech practically towered over the collection of crystals like a monolithic giant loomed over a bunch of ants.
 The sheer difference in size might have scared away the fragment, but Ves communicated a desire to implant the spiritual fragment into the mech.
 In essence, he wanted to solve the fragment’s lifelong regrets by granting it a body that towered over many other alien races. The sheer might at its fingertips would turn about its racial inferiority complex and give the fragment a taste of what it was like to own a towering body.
 There was no question whether the flame would respond. It instantly turned docile and patiently hovered above his palm.
 "Uh, what do I do with it?"
 "You cherish it and feed it until you have constructed a mental lattice in which it can rest." His mother responded patiently with a smile as she toyed with the crystal leader’s corpse. "The fragment looks frail, but as long as you give it hope, it will continue to persist until you need it. Do not worry about its health."
 Indeed. Through his sixth sense, Ves could feel a strengthening conviction in the fragment. It wanted Ves to deliver his promise of integrating the fragment with a mech. So long as that remained a possibility, the fragment would do everything in its power to remain in the material dimensions.
 His mother had pointed out the light in the dark. Now that she gave him a direction, Ves could figure out the rest on his own. His animosity towards the ghost had dropped to the point where he could tolerate her existence.
 He still felt highly uncomfortable about her presence, though. An awkward silence ensued where Ves wasn’t sure about holding his mother at bay with the Amastendira.
 Even this wondrous weapon came with limits. Against a foe who could easily manipulate her intangible body around a laser beam, the Amastendira offered very little countermeasures.
 Ves had studied the weapon for a time, so he knew it came with a wide-area light projector. Basically, the light projector mode turned the straight and narrow laser beam in a cone of light that spread out quickly.
 Ordinarily, such a mode would quickly diffuse the energy to the point where it hardly inflicted any damage. However, with sufficient power, it would still be able to cook an armored man within a distance of up to ten meters.
 Maybe he could still exorcise this ghost this way, yet the collateral damage would be huge. Without an armored suit of his own, the heat would affect his body as well.
 Even then, he wouldn’t be able to guarantee that his mother would pull off another trick. She seemed incredibly capable of avoiding a light projector.
 His mother smirked at him, as if she guessed what was on his mind. "I must take my leave now. You are old enough to stand on your own, and you don’t need your mother to tell you what to do."
 "Mom!"
 Before she left, she focused on the crystal leader’s corpse. Slowly, her humanoid form flickered, as if it lost some stability. Her form behaved as if it reflected off a pond which rippled from a stone.
 Then, something drastic happened.
 Her intangible bone-white substance got pulled into the crystal leader’s tiny corpse. It was as if some kind of hole sucked her inside!
 The crystal leader’s corpse continued to hover in the air despite no one holding it aloft. It started to shake a few times before the crystals that made up its limbs started to glow in white. Some of the cavities in the strange alien’s head started to glow, as if all of its eyes had turned to life.
 A sound emerged from the corpse. "Ah, that was harder than I thought. This body is more older than I anticipated."
 The crystals embedded into the corpse started to reconfigure themselves into different orientations. The hunched posture of the tiny alien straightened up, and the body started to resemble a human female.
 The cavities that dotted its entire head closed up. Instead, two symmetrical eyes opened up, adorning the faceless head with a touch of humanity.
 Ves was taken aback. He stood there with his mouth wide open as his mother intricately molded the cyborg body to her tastes. Ves never knew such a thing was possible! Had the corpse always contained this function, or was it something she forced with her own powers?
 Whatever the case, it didn’t change the fact that his mother had taken possession of a body! Even though she looked like a doll, Ves knew better than to underestimate its capabilities. The crystals possessed remarkable capabilities that could wreck havoc!
 He was certain that his mother was up to no good!
 After she finished her adjustment, she smiled again at Ves and turned intangible. Once she made sure she retained the capability to pass through walls, she turned to go.
 "Wait! That artifact is mine! I still need it for my research!"
 "I’ve seen your work. You are almost done with your research project. What’s yours is mine, and what’s mine is yours."
 His mother disappeared before Ves could get another word out.
 She stole his artifact! Ves could have continued to perform more research on the corpse and figure out more applications of the crystals! Now it was gone!
 The departure of the ghost that pretended to be his mother left Ves in a morose mood. His ambivalence towards her identity deepened with each subsequent meeting.
 Even with his superhuman Intelligence, he still couldn’t determine whether the ghost spoke the truth. She moved exactly like he remembered from his childhood, but her attitude had turned ten times worse. Even though she helped him out, she wrapped up her benevolence with thorns.
 Her unilateral appropriation of the crystal leader’s corpse particularly set back his future plans. Without a live sample to of crystals to study, Ves wouldn’t be able to delve into its secrets and progress his understanding of the alien technology. Even though he took plenty of scans, they only offered a finite amount of data.
 "Scans won’t be able to substitute for the real thing."
 More disturbing than his mother’s lack of sensitivity regarding the ownership of his property, she also showed competence in areas which she shouldn’t know.
 "It’s like she’s some sort of highly-trained soldier or mech pilot."
 As far as Ves was aware of, his mother lived a completely normal life. Ves inherited a small portion of his artistic sense from her. In her spare time, she enthusiastically played with recorders and snapped a lot of images of their family. She made a small business out of recorded some of the weddings in Freslin.
 Even though a couple of recorder bots and some automated software could do the job, they would never be able to convey the emotional impact if a human stood at the helm. His mother truly stood out in that area.
 "My mother spent her lifetime developing those skills. It’s impossible for her to be good at fighting."
 Ves came up with three different answers to this discrepancy. Either she gained a lot of new skills after her death, or she was never the person she pretended to be when she still lived.
 As for the final answer, the ghost used to be someone else, but for some reason or another assumed his mother’s identity.
 "This is far too complicated."
 He could speculate all day, but from the evidence at hand, he failed to make up his mind. If the ghost assumed any other identity, then he may have been able to look at this conundrum in an objective manner.
 Yet when it came to his mother, his judgement became clouded with emotion. He was not a bot who could strictly look at a situation and spit out a yes or no. Bots had the luxury of ignoring everything that fell out of their consideration.
 Ves enjoyed no such luxury.
 "At least she didn’t suck out the life of me this time."
 He faintly sensed that she became more formidable each time she paid a visit to him. Previously, she seemed more primal and ephemeral, as if she was one step away from oblivion. Now, she behaved much like a living human being, as if she had truly been resurrected from the grave.
 Obviously, the ghost constantly sought to strengthen herself. Otherwise she wouldn’t go through the trouble of stealing his high-grade Rorach’s Bone and his crystal artifact.
 "Even if we’re related, that’s no reason for taking away my stuff!"
 Sadly, the ghost was nowhere to be found. She came and went according to her own whims. Even if she hovered right next to him, as long as she exerted her utmost in hiding her presence, Ves wouldn’t know he was being spied upon.
 His glowering mood turned even gloomier at that realization. The only reason why he didn’t panic was because his mother wouldn’t expose his secrets to anyone else.
 She was just like his father, who offended a dangerous trans-galactic secret society in order to deliver the Mech Designer System to him. "If she’s truly my mother, she only wants the best for me."
 He turned his attention to the fragment that hovered before him. Ves carefully treated the flickering silvery spirit with care. He slowly drew it from the mess hall and brought it back to the labs.
 "Let’s see what makes you tick."
 Ves proceeded to subject the fragment to all manner of tests and scans. Unfortunately, most of the machines failed to make sense of the fragment. It was as if it didn’t exist. Similar to Lucky in his intangible state, the fragment could only be seen, not touched. He could forget about trying to manipulate it with the help of any tools.
 Even the Vulcaneye had to admit defeat in front of the fragment. While the multiscanner spat out a few more observations, it hardly told him anything he didn’t know.
 "In the end, a spiritual fragment only responds to spiritual stimuli."
 He gently manipulated the fragment between his hands. He became more proficient in tugging it back and forth. He found that he didn’t need to employ his full focus to direct the fragment. As long as Ves revealed a hint of emotion, the spiritual fragment eventually reacted.
 It had to be the right set of emotions and thought in order to work, however. The fragment yearned to be big. So long as Ves intimated that he would put the fragment into a mech, the silvery flame became as docile as a pet.
 Ves couldn’t experiment too much with the fragment. As fascinating as its existence implied, he still had a lot of work to do. His research on finding a more economic composition of crystal was almost done. He only needed to solve the problem of producing larger crystals without flaws.
 "Let’s finish up the images."
 He sat down and relaxed while keeping the fragment in his view. The Triple Division technique called for superimposing three different images, but they didn’t need to be of equal strength.
 Yet Ves had never worked with an existing spiritual fragment. Even though it looked like anyone could snuff it out with a pinch of his fingers, it held a surprising amount of spiritual power.
 Over millions of years of drifting about in the imaginary realms, the fragment lost everything redundant, leaving only the purest thoughts and emotions.
 Whenever Ves brushed his senses close to the fragment, he countered unyielding will. It lacked much of the context that he wanted to know. He knew nothing about the crystal leader’s history. This made it difficult for him to construct a backstory around the fragment.
 "Maybe it doesn’t need anything more."
 Anything he added to the spiritual fragment wouldn’t stick. Its unyielding will worked against Ves whenever he wanted to alter its makeup. Unlike most of his other images, the fragment had already endured for eons.
 He set the fragment aside and focused his mind on constructing the other two images. Ves already put a lot of thought to them, so he easily constructed the images in his mind.
 The base model consisted of a fast and nimble rifleman mech. It possessed the same defining traits as the mech in his vision, although in a more idealized way. The rifleman mech took up a starring role no matter if it fought alongside other rifleman mechs or operated at the head of a squad.
 Ves even added a little flamboyance to its performance. This would be a mech meant to be piloted by the skilled. It catered to mech pilots who demanded a high amount of mobility while simultaneously wanted enough armor to triumph against enemy marksmen.
 "My mech has to be fast, accurate, enduring and tough."
 That was a very tall order, but Ves possessed enough confidence that he could deliver the goods.
 The base model required little else. Ves only strengthened its core traits as much as possible in order to put up a decent fight against the spiritual fragment. He also imagined its performance becoming better over time. Age didn’t degrade its performance, but rather strengthened it to a higher level.
 "Now for the totem animal."
 The totem animal had to fit the archetype. He needed to construct a mythical animal that fought with speed and finesse.
 Rather than scouring the galactic net over an existing example, Ves conjured up an animal from scratch.
 After several weeks of thought, he came up with a skinny fire ape. Unlike most primate species which relied on their brute strength to fight, this animal relied on his supernatural ability to shoot out concentrated fire from its eyes.
 The fire ape began as a small and weak member of its tribe. Its differences and lack of physical prowess quickly forced it out of its tribe. As a young ape, it survived in the jungle by itself. It barely kept itself fed.
 All of that changed once it manifested its power of fire. Its eyes grew red and the fury it became capable of releasing constantly became more formidable.
 With increased strength came increased food. The more it ate, the stronger it grew. This cycle fueled the fire ape’s growth, enabling it to range into the depths of the forest and contend with the kings that ruled over the animal kingdom.
 Up to the very end, the fire ape had become the sovereign of the forest. It commanded the allegiance of all the other apes, allowing its species to become the first species under heaven.
 Even then, the fire ape looked up at the skies and dreamt of breaking through the barrier that constrained it to its world.
 Just like the base image, Ves made sure to incorporate a growth element in their story. His second original design shared a lot of traits with the Blackbeak design. Ves intended both of them to be enduring and resilient. They would definitely last long enough for their X-Factor to experience a lot of growth.
 He already looked forward to how his mechs performed a couple of years from now.
 Ves spent a lot of time on the fire ape’s back story because he wanted to bestow a lot of strength to the image. If the fire ape buckled too easily against the spiritual fragment, then there wasn’t any point in employing the Triple Division technique.
 "I’m going to have to come up with another technique soon."
 His studies into the X-Factor had only scratched the surface. He came up with the Triple Division technique after recognizing that images could be superimposed together. A lot of time had passed between now and then. He gained a lot of new knowledge, from learning that the images and X-Factor could grow, to the true nature of spirituality, to realizing he might be able to incorporate other sources of spirituality.
 To make full use of these new insights, Ves required a new way of working with images. He wanted them to be strong and useful. The biggest downside to the Triple Division technique was that mutual cannibalism among the images resulted in a lot of waste.
 Even if the eventual victor consumed the essence of its defeated rivals, it was a stretch if they could repurpose all of their strengths.
 "It’s a way of turning three weak images into a stronger one."
 However, what would be the result of using two weak images and one incredibly strong one? Ves guessed that the stronger image might outright reject or annihilate the weaker images without attempting to absorb their strong points.
 That was not the outcome he wanted.
 When Ves looked at the fragment, he sensed an impenetrable wall. This spiritual remnant brooked no intrusion.
 He wondered whether he could soften it up before he performed the final phase of the Triple Division technique. If he left it like this, then the technique would certainly result in failure.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "This image spent too much time in limbo. It has gone through hell and back and survived where many other spiritual fragments have disappeared."
 However, Ves called it a fragment because it was an incomplete portion of a whole. Despite its all-encompassing defenses, it longed to be reunited with its fellow fragments.
 Ves figured out a loophole. "If I can fool this fragment into recognizing the other two images as one of its own, what will happen?"
 This notion went beyond the confines of the Triple Division technique. While it wasn’t an entirely new technique, it deserved to be distinguished from the standard method.
 Still, all of his ideas might come to nothing if he failed to fool the spiritual fragment. His brows began to furrow as he tried to figure out how he could open up a chink in the fragment’s armor.
 Ves thought about the issue for a couple of minutes.
 "If I constructed the base model and totem animal in a way that matches the spiritual fragment, then there’s a good chance they’ll merge."
 The spiritual fragment didn’t need any strengthening. Rather, it needed the traits that the other two images brought to the table. Otherwise, his X-Factor wouldn’t be able to bring out a comprehensive enhancement.
 While his idea sounded like it could work, it wouldn’t help him out in his current situation. He already constructed the other two images and they shared little in common with the spiritual fragment that Ves wanted to employ as the human myth.
 The key to the Triple Division technique was to put together three distinctly different images. If he made them too similar, then that would defeat the point of the technique.
 "This won’t be the first time I’ll handle a spiritual fragment. I can’t keep making compromises if I encounter a recalcitrant fragment."
 He needed to find a different solution. When he turned his attention back to the spiritual fragment, he recalled its bot-like behavior.
 Another idea sprung to mind. The fragment couldn’t think for itself. After all, it was only a small portion of a formerly complete entity. What if he issued a more elaborate command? Would the fragment behave according to his will?
 He needed to approach this in the right way. He didn’t want the fragment to assimilate the other two images in a seamless fashion, and neither did he want the fragment to obliterate them either. Whatever the final product may look like, it had to be greater than the sum of its parts.
 "It has to be akin to a complete form of life."
 Every other product of his Triple Division technique resulted in living images. His recent ones also incorporated a growth element in order to make them more formidable as they experienced multiple battles.
 Ves knew how to approach this problem.
 He sent out a couple of mental directives to the fragment. He laid out some of the fragment’s inadequacies, prompting it to strengthen its desire to become whole again.
 "It’s impossible for you to merge with the other fragments from the crystal leader that are left adrift."
 He wanted the fragment to be a little less discerning in its demands. It didn’t need to seek out its original companions. Ves could introduce it to two new friends.
 Even though the fragment proved obstinate, Ves managed to lower its guard by experimenting and figuring out the right kind of logic that would pass muster.
 "It’s like a puzzle."
 After several hours of continuous probing, Ves managed to soften the fragment up to the point where it would comply with his intentions.
 This was the point where he put all of his conjectures to the test. Failure would set him back a lot, and in the worst case the spiritual fragment might sustain irreparable harm.
 He coaxed the image to inhabit his mindspace. After a moment, the fragment got sucked inside his head.
 Right now, Ves felt as if his brain became a little stuffy. His thoughts flowed a little bit less fluidly as the fragment occupied a significant portion of his mindscape.
 He also sensed that the fragment didn’t remain inert. It interacted with the errant thoughts floating in his mind and exerted an unknown influence on his mind. He imaged drastic changes to his thinking pattern if he let the fragment occupy his mind for an extended amount of time.
 "Best get to it then. I can’t let it stay like this for too long."
 Ves proceeded to carefully introduce the other two images to the new presence. If the fragment appeared almost solid, the other images looked as if they would break like eggs if they smashed against its surface.
 The disparity was too big.
 The safest approach would be to encourage the spiritual fragment to assimilate the images. Yet he didn’t do so because he thought it would lead to an imperfect merger.
 "There needs to be some struggle. It can’t blindly incorporate the good and bad parts of the other images."
 Therefore, Ves conditioned the dimwitted fragment to treat the other images as supplements that could enhance its strength and make it become whole.
 In order to exert some control over the process, Ves focused his concentration and gifted the other two images with a considerable portion of his mental power. They needed to last long enough for the fragment to consume them over time.
 After a bit more encouragement, the spiritual fragment went to work. It flew towards the other two images and clashed against them. Although the base model and the totem animal were much weaker than the fragment, they had the advantage of independent thought.
 As living images, they possessed enough self-awareness to understand their dire situation. If they didn’t band together and push back against the domineering spiritual image, they’d be swallowed whole and disappear from existence.
 "Come on. Put up a fight!"
 Ves continued to pump more mental power into the underdogs, yet it hardly availed them as the fragment’s imposing strength overwhelmed their defenses with ease. The pushback only allowed the images to delay their foreordained deaths.
 He became a little distracted by the gruesome massacre being carried out in his mind. He felt as if he corrupted an innocent child into becoming a mass murderer.
 Worse, he offered his own children as its first victims. He did create the base model and totem animal out of his own imagination. As his creations, they deserved better than be fated to die.
 "Cattle are born to the slaughter every day." He shook his head. "I can’t be too soft-hearted about what’s happening."
 As long as he achieved his desired outcome, he wouldn’t let any doubts get in the way.
 Ves kept his full attention on the struggle for dominance. Both the base model and the totem animal fought to the bitter end. As for the spiritual fragment, it ceaselessly broke up the portions that it managed to dislodge from the other two images and incorporated into its own existence.
 The sheer disparity in strength meant the spiritual fragment hadn’t grown any stronger. Instead, the additions prompted the fragment to lend some of its strength and fill them with life.
 The fragment transformed inside his mind. It ceaselessly filled up the portions it lacked and ballooned into an entity that looked more complete.
 Naturally, the fragment didn’t restore itself to what it looked like before it was whole. That was gone, and could never be recovered.
 Instead, the newly incorporated additions contained the essence of the other two images. The spiritual amalgamation slowly shook off the identity of a fragment and grew into a newly birthed spiritual entity.
 Success!
 When the two sacrificial images finally disappeared into the belly of the spiritual entity, Ves finally beheld the results. After a few more minutes of transformation, the spiritual entity showed off its new form.
 It looked like a crystal golem. The entity’s physical appearance no longer looked like a flame. Now, it turned into an imaginary crystalline life form that clearly derived its form from the appearances of the other two images.
 The humanoid crystal golem released a formless pressure onto his mind. It was no longer a naive bot-like remnant that could be fooled by a couple of thoughts from Ves. It possessed its own capacity to think and decide.
 It looked around his mindscape and kept up a vigilant stance. Every other image unconsciously accepted his presence. This was not so for the crystal golem.
 "Hey, I didn’t fool you. I made you whole, and I’m about to fulfill my other promise to you in a couple of months."
 Ves got the sense that the crystal golem’s patience would quickly wear thin. He had to work fast and complete his second original design fairly soon before the crystal golem did something drastic within his mind.
 He sighed and leaned back in his chair. The process had taken a lot out of him. He used up almost every portion of strength in his mind.
 "I could use a break."
 Ves decided to take a nap and let his mental strength recover while he slept. He left the labs and entered the bedroom area on the private workshop floor. Upon reaching his private bedroom, he came across a dozing Lucky.
 "So there you are, you lazy backstabbing cat."
 Lucky softly purred in his slumber. The gem cat didn’t even had the decency to do his bathroom business in his litter box. Ves picked up the shiny blue gem the cat deposited on his bedsheets and inspected it with his System-augmented vision.
 [Zhilvenas of Swiftness]
 Increases acceleration by 8% when installed on a mech.
 Lately, Lucky’s waste products started to come in the form of junk exotic gems. Sometimes, they even shone. This gave the gems a lot of class. Besides looking pretty, their effects also started to become more noticeable. A boost of eight percent in any parameter could not be underestimated.
 "This is one of the good ones." Ves smiled and put it inside a small bag where he collected a number of other gems. "At least you’re good for something, Lucky."
 The cat softly purred again. Ves shook his head and picked him up and shoved him a bit further down the bed to make room for his body. He laid down on his bed and went to sleep.
 The next day, Ves went through his morning ritual and resumed his work. Even though he built up the crystal golem, he still had to finalize his work on the gimmick.
 He entered the labs and looked at his half-finished project. Just as he tried to figure out how to scale up the crystals without introducing cracks or other flaws, the crystal golem in his mind started to stir.
 "What’s going on?"
 The crystal golem started conveying thoughts to Ves. Initially, he failed to interpret the stream of thoughts sent in his direction. It was only when he looked at the crystals he attempted to synthesize that the thoughts started to make sense.
 "Are you telling me... I’m doing it wrong?"
 The crystal golem didn’t actually convey a lot of data to Ves. What it did decided to tell him only amounted to a couple of key concepts that Ves had a lot of difficulty trying to understand. The crystal builders adopted a completely different perspective on their technology, and Ves had to employ his entire upgraded Intelligence in trying to parse the alien thoughts.
 Still, the things he figured out proved to be very relevant to the situation at hand. "I get it now! So that’s why the crystals break! I’ve got to treat it as if I’m cultivating them! They’re like organic growths!"
 Just this lesson along with some other interpreted insights saved him a lot time. Ves immediately put his new notions to the test and synthesized a crystal the size of his head. He had to use another lab machine to do so, and he also used up several critical raw materials that he stored up.
 "It worked!"
 The crystal golem hadn’t let him astray. While the new solutions didn’t guarantee that Ves would be able to synthesize a full-sized crystal that could be embedded in the chest of his mech, it already proved sufficient to be integrated in a laser rifle.
 Even if he encountered some problems trying to produce a larger crystal, Ves could figure out the rest on his own.
 "Thanks, crystal golem!"
 The image didn’t respond. It had only been a remnant instinct for it to lend a hand to Ves.
 Now that he achieved enough progress with regards to the crystals, Ves was ready to move on to the next phase of his design project.
 "I’ll have to spend some time drafting up my new mech. It helps that I’m mostly going to reuse my existing component licenses."
 From the Trailblazer engine to the Veltrex armor system, Ves intended to recycle as much component licenses as possible. Naturally, he wouldn’t be able to incorporate every single license, but the ones he already possessed provided a solid framework to work around.
 "I’ve got to finish this quickly. I’ve already wasted too much time on other diversions."
 The draft design took shape in a short amount of time. Even though this was the first time he put his conception of his second original mech into shape, he had always imagined its design beforehand.
 In his rich imagination, Ves constantly tinkered with the design elements of his rifleman mech. Every available moment, such as when he fell to sleep or took a bath, his thoughts always flitted back to the design of his mech.
 A mech designer never stopped designing mechs. Even without a design program, a mech designer would use his own imagination to define its shape.
 Therefore, the design process right now actually consisted of constructing the second draft rather than the first. Ves had already pinned down most of the major design choices he thought about beforehand.
 "My mech has to be fast, accurate, enduring and tough. In that order."
 Juggling those priorities took a lot of finesse. Over the course of a single day, Ves drew up a three-dimensional wireframe model of what his intended design should look like. He only drew up the broad strokes of his design, but it already set a couple of factors in stone.
 First, the new design looked nothing like the Blackbeak. Besides using the same type of armor system, engine and other components, the two designs had nothing in common.
 "The Blackbeak’s role is to attract attention. As a knight, it’s inevitable that it’s going to be put to use in attracting enemy firepower."
 In contrast, a rifleman mech would never volunteer itself as a target dummy. Only stupid and desperate mech pilots would call out attention to their lightly armored mechs.
 A rifleman mech armor carried at least half as less armor than a knight mech. It was not as if rifleman mechs couldn’t pile up the armor if it wished to do so, but the costs outweighed the benefits.
 One of the most important reasons why was that all of that armor impacted the accuracy and precision of a ranged mech. This problem became much worse with higher classes of mechs, because the exotics incorporated in armor plating often interfered with the precision of the limbs.
 Either a mech can be light or precise, or heavy and strong.
 Only heavy mechs circumvented this unspoken rule. They possessed enough space and weight for mech designers to separate the interference and implement all kinds of compensation systems.
 "Heavy mechs are mostly designed and produced by states. I won’t be able to get in touch with heavy mechs in a long time."
 Right now, Ves had to play by the rules, so he adopted a slimmer medium mech form optimized for speed and accuracy. If he wanted to design a skirmisher mech, he would probably strengthen the arms to make it capable of fighting up close. However, a rifleman mech didn’t need that much power, so he kept them fairly slim.
 "It’s not going to take too much strength to lift up a rifle. It’s more important to make sure they’re stable and precise."
 The heavier the arms, the harder it became to ensure they operated precisely according to the will of the mech pilot. More mass meant more complications. Therefore, mech designers sought to cut them down to the absolute minimum, with perhaps a small allowance for armor plating.
 This was why rifleman mechs made for very poor melee mechs. They wouldn’t be able to wield heavier weapons such as swords and spears effectively, and they made for a pathetic sight if they had to resort to their backup knives.
 This was why rifleman mechs needed mobility. An immobile mech was a sitting duck to any skirmisher, swordsman mech or knight that ran up to its face.
 "As long as they can run away, they can maintain their combat effectiveness."
 Modern mech combat centered around the strategic positioning of rifleman mechs. The goal of both forces would be to smash apart the rifleman mechs of their opponents. As long as one side lost its rifleman mechs, its fate would be sealed.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Ves spent more time than he thought trying to draft up a good pair of legs. Different from skirmisher mechs, they didn’t need to excel in top speed. Rather, they needed to accelerate quickly and be able to halt a mech’s forward momentum in an instant.
 This took a fair bit of thought. Stronger legs required larger legs, but larger legs also added to weight, which in turn slowed down the mech again.
 Fortunately, Ves already owned a number of high-quality component licenses, most of which he exchanged from the Clifford Society with merits. Those component licenses enabled him to make more generous tradeoffs, thereby allowing him to achieve a decent balance between speed and weight.
 With a pair of fairly capable legs, the mech looked a bit unbalanced with the skinny pair of arms. Almost every medium rifleman mech looked this way, so Ves wasn’t worried about the negative consequences.
 The rest of the mech looked fairly slim as well. Compared to the Blackbeak, it possessed a much slimmer weight, as Ves had left out most of the excess armor. He only left a fair bit on the front torso, as rifleman mechs would often be employed against enemy rifleman mechs. Ves figured that the amount of armor he had already added should be sufficient to win an even firefight against a regular rifleman mech.
 "The armor largely plays the role of a buffer. It gives the mech pilot another chance after he screws up. His mech isn’t supposed to get hit in the first place."
 His mech’s high mobility ensured the rifleman mech wouldn’t get hit nearly as often as the Blackbeak. Thus Ves didn’t worry too much about the deficiency in armor.
 The rest of his design followed the standard convention for rifleman mechs. Ves did not try to introduce any radical departures from the common standard for rifleman mechs. He needed a lot more skill and experience to attempt such a thing.
 Ves decided to adhere to best practices in that regard. This prevented him from introducing potentially fatal flaws, but it also left out any major jumps in performance.
 It was not that Ves rejected risk-taking, but he felt he wasn’t ready to take that step. "I’ll have to become a full-fledged Journeyman Mech Designer before I attempt such a thing."
 While he designed his mech, he also continuously channeled his focus. Working with the crystal golem was a lot different than working with images he created from his own imagination.
 While the crystal golem largely possesed simple thoughts due to its unusual method of birth, it possessed a much stronger mentality than anything that Ves had hosted in his mind. The crystal golem was alive, and keenly watched on as Ves drafted the mech that it would eventually inhabit.
 Naturally, the crystal golem knew nothing about mechs, so it hadn’t been able to offer any technical assistance besides the implementation of the crystals. Ves embedded a smaller one in the laser rifle design and a larger one in the chest.
 The latter crystal was a bit special, because Ves wanted it to be charged through multiple ways. First, any energy weapon that struck the crystal or around it would have some of its energy siphoned by it. Achieving such a phenomenon wasn’t easy, and Ves required a lot of help from the crystal golem to turn the idea into a feasible implementation.
 Fortunately, the crystal golem might have forgotten much of its original life, but it still held a wealth of expertise concerning crystal technology. It even amazingly taught him some of its race’s simplest circuits, which facilitated the process of energy siphoning.
 "This is amazing!"
 The torso crystal would certainly make a big impact when it would be unveiled. Perhaps initially the market would dismiss it as another overhyped gimmick that could never deliver on its promise. When the new design finally demonstrated its capabilities, those skeptics and naysayers would certainly be stunned.
 Three days later, Ves finally finished his draft design. It incorporated most of what he wanted out of his second original design. The only thing he regretted was not being able to supply the rifleman mech with enough batteries. Its slimmed-down volume left a bit less space for batteries than he anticipated. Even if he utilized the same high-quality batteries as the Blackbeak, it still wouldn’t last very long if it continuously shot its weapon.
 "I’ve got no choice but to utilize a laser rifle design with external battery packs."
 Laser rifleman mechs distinguished themselves from ballistic rifleman mechs by their ease of supply. Laser rifles utilized standardized formats of batteries. As long as a large force brought enough copies of a handful of battery formats, it would easily be able to supply a motly crew of rifleman mechs.
 However, the use of an external battery pack came with a lot of hassle. Laser rifles that drew power directly from its wielder always provided more convenience to the mech pilot. It significantly reduced the supply burden and saved the mech pilot from fumbling around when they replaced a spent battery pack with a fresh one.
 Naturally, relying on internal energy cells came with its own downsides, one of which was that the entire mech would be drained much faster. At least with external battery packs, the worst a mech pilot could do was run out of packs. As long as his mech still possessed enough energy, he could always retreat.
 This was not so with a complete dependence on internal energy cells. The convenience was actually a double-edged sword. Even if Ves was willing to accept the price, he still couldn’t get around to the fact that his energy cells wouldn’t be able to supply his laser rifle for long.
 He hadn’t only been drafting his mech. He also spent at least half a day on his laser rifle. In fact, it didn’t look too different from the Tainted Sun which he designed before. Much of the principles used in the design of the gamma laser rifle could also be applied to a regular laser rifle.
 Ves made sure to spice up its design in order to obscure the fact that he derived it from a forbidden weapon. This wasn’t very hard to do. Gamma lasers demanded an insane amount of integrity and safeguards in order to handle its extremely high output.
 Once Ves stripped most of the redundant features, he ended up with something that looked nothing like it could be used for anything illegal.
 "Well, I think some smart people might be able to spot some clues."
 They could only hold their suspicions, though. At best, someone would suspect that Ves studied under a weapons developer or mech designer who previously worked with gamma laser rifles.
 Such news might be able to land Ves in hot water, but he knew very well that no such teacher existed. Who would his skeptics point at as proof that Ves had crossed a taboo?
 Therefore, Ves didn’t take the threat too seriously.
 "Besides, the crystal integrated in the rifle mechanism will certainly attract everyone’s attention."
 The crystal acted as a laser propagator that substituted for a whole host of internal components. This might sound like a convenience, but in fact it added significantly to its cost. It also made the rifle harder to produce.
 That last point would prove to be a major demerit. External weapons such as rifles often wore out quickly. Their lack of armor also meant they easily sustained crippling damage.
 This wasn’t anything to be concerned about in normal cases, as outfits often brought a bunch of spare laser rifles. Rifleman mechs also often exchanged their native weapon models with other others. Some mech pilots even regarded it as natural as wearing a different set of clothes each day.
 The reason why such a custom came about was because laser rifles ordinarily didn’t cost a lot of credits. However, Ves would have a lot of trouble trying to get his customers to accept purchasing his more expensive laser rifle, given that it would cost at least twice as much as a normal rifle.
 It was very much possible that his customers would only use the crystal laser rifle that came with his product at the start. When it inevitably broke down, they’ll just grab the nearest generic laser rifle instead of purchasing a branded one from the LMC.
 "If I want to make my customers stick to my brand of weapons, I’ll have to add more benefits to using them in conjunction with my mech."
 This wasn’t an old problem. Plenty of mech designers faced the same issue, and they developed a set of standard solutions to make the pairing between mech and weapon more attractive.
 At the draft stage, it wasn’t necessary for Ves to work on that aspect. He decided to leave the issue for later while he finalized the draft and made sure he hadn’t missed any major design choices.
 He nodded in satisfaction. "This is enough to give others a good impression of my mech. Let’s see what others have to say about my work."
 
 Before he ended his isolation, Ves quickly checked the System. In the last couple of weeks, his DP had crawled up. He noted with satisfaction that ever since the Mech Nursery got their hands on the two Benson production lines, his DP started to accumulate a lot faster.
 "Still, it's going to take some time before I can get accumulate a decent reserve."
 In order to design a competitive machine that could hold its own in the overcrowded market for rifleman mechs, Ves relied on a number of advantages.
 Compared to a regular mech designer from the Bright Republic, Ves enjoyed a decisive superiority in knowledge and ability. His extensive collection of Skills and his enhanced Intelligence far outpaced a regular Apprentice Mech Designer.
 His Physics Skill alone enabled him to apply the alien crystal technology to his laser weapon, which was a massive boost.
 His extensive library of quality component licenses also enabled him to lift the quality of his design by several increments. Ves could never stop praising the quality of the Trailblazer engine. Oleg's casual work might look nothing special in the Friday Coalition, but in the Bright Republic it had clearly earned the Blackbeak design a lot of renown.
 Even if he lacked a number of essential component licenses, he could still purchase a small number of average licenses with his own wealth or his company's wealth. If he wanted to obtain something better, then he could even break open his stash of merits and obtain something good from the Clifford Society.
 Ves already considered licensing some supplemental internal component licenses from the Society. A good rifleman mech needed a comprehensive targeting system and various other aids that facilitated accuracy.
 He also wasn't entirely able to design a laser rifle from scratch. He still needed a base model to work from because he wasn't about to design a whole host of special components from scratch.
 Even when he designed the Tainted Sun, he relied on existing research notes to tide him over in this aspect. In essence, Ves partially plagiarized someone else's work when he designed the graser rifle.
 For obvious reasons, it wouldn't be a good idea for Ves to copy the exact same work for his next weapon design. Either he should come up with something original, or leave an obvious papertrail to an existing laser rifle design.
 Ves chose to do the latter, because it wouldn't cost him a lot if he wanted to obtain a generic license. He didn't place too many demands on the weapon, so he had no need to work with something expensive.
 "Extensive knowledge and good component licenses only form the base of my confidence."
 Although it sounded as if he stood above his peers, in fact Ves knew very well that talents could beat him in both aspects. He couldn't forget about Michael Dumont, who had been lying low all this time while ramping up production of his discounted Havalax.
 Ves faintly felt as if his rivalry with Dumont hadn't ended yet. Someone was obviously propping him up, because his company certainly wasn't making any profit from selling the Havalax for 50 million credits.
 No, the true reason why he felt confident was because he possessed the opportunity to develop a Mastery any time he wanted. While the price was steep, the benefits pushed him up to the same level as the direct disciples of Master Mech Designers.
 Only through experiencing the perspective of mech pilots could mech designers develop a mech that fits all of their customer's needs.
 Still, Ves had to wince when he saw how much he had to go. He was far too short from reaching 40,000 DP.
 According to the rules of the System, he earned 1 DP for every million credits in revenue. To accumulate 40,000 DP, the LMC needed to achieve a turnover of forty billion credits!
 That was an insane amount, and couldn't be done in a couple of weeks!
 The last time, Ves slowly piled up his DP through a combination of virtual and physical sales of the Blackbeak model, with the former playing the main role. However, the Blackbeak had almost reached its DP cap.
 Virtual mechs earned DP a lot faster, but would eventually reached an upper limit where it didn't matter how many virtual copies got sold.
 The System treated physical mechs differently. It could potentially deliver Ves a lot DP, but only if he sold them en masse. Right now, his sales hadn't reached that level where it could overtake the DP income of virtual mechs.
 The delay grated on him. Until he obtained his Mastery, Ves didn't dare move on to the next phase of his design project.
 "I'll figure something out after I collect some feedback. At worst, I'll design another virtual mech."
 Ves thought he outgrew the necessity of designing virtual mechs, but reality proved him otherwise. It wasn't really respectable for a mech designer who owned a thriving mech company to go back to the sandbox and dabble with virtual mechs like a kid.
 "Oh well, I'll take the hit in reputation so long as I earn enough DP."
 After tidying up his lab, Ves exited the labs and private workshop floor and took the elevator up to the fabrication floor.
 From weeks of solitude, Ves suddenly experienced a frenetic energy that could only come into being when a large amount of people stayed in the same space. Even though the different halls offered plenty of space, it couldn't obscure the effort poured into the activities that took place.
 This was where the LMC fabricated its mechs. Ves smiled as he toured the three fabrication halls currently in use. Each hall hosted its own production line.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The mech technicians all worked seriously around the Dortmund line. As the most advanced production line of the LMC, it required a lot of focus and competence to ensure no flaws emerged in the end products.
 As for the other halls, the mech technicians treated them with a little less care, though not too much. The new Benson production lines might not be able to deliver the quality of the Dortmund lines, but they made it up with increased automation and convenience.
 Ves spotted Chief Cyril berating a handful of mech technicians slipping up on the job. He quietly approached the man and let him finish his rant.
 "Chief."
 "Ves." He nodded. "It's about time you left your cave. You've missed a lot. We could have used your help in getting the Benson lines up to speed."
 Ves looked at the machines at work and found them to be running smooth. "You didn't need my help. It's best to train the mech technicians into solving their own problems. They can't always run up to us whenever they hit an obstacle."
 "Aye. It still took a week longer than necessary to get the production lines on track."
 "Are there still any problems related to production?"
 "None that requires your attention. Most of my mech technicians have become familiar with working with the Benson machines, and they are already highly familiar with the Blackbeak design. They can pump out silver label Blackbeaks in their sleep."
 "That's good to hear." Ves smiled.
 When he returned from the Glowing Planet campaign, he relayed some of his experiences to Chief Cyril. After telling the chief technician how awful it was to work with a bunch of sad excuses of mech technicians from Walter's Whalers, he exorted the chief to step up the training of the LMC's workforce.
 Ves would rather stab himself in the chest than to supervise a crowd of lazy bums.
 After discussing some routine matters, Ves brought Cyril to a private office where he showed him the draft design.
 "What you are seeing now is a draft of my next design. It's a rifleman mech with a number of unique points."
 Ves explained the overall parameters of the mechs as well as its special laser crystal rifle and the crystal embedded into the chest.
 Chief Cyril scratched his stubble, deep in thought. "You don't go for half-measures, do you? This is a risky design. If you can deliver on your promises, I'm sure your design will be a commercial success."
 The premise here was if Ves could actually bring his draft to life without compromising on any of its estimated capabilities. Still, if there was one thing Ves didn't lack, it was skill.
 "I'm fairly sure I can manage. Tell me what stands out to you."
 "Besides the difficulty of realizing such an ambitious design, I think you're going to have a lot of trouble with the two basic concerns of rifleman mechs. Your energy supply and heat management doesn't look very fantastic."
 "My design is almost as efficient as the Blackbeak. Certainly, its top speed is nothing to scoff at, but the Trailblazer engine is able to do more with less."
 "That's only the engine. There are other components that suck up a lot of power as well, for example that fancy laser rifle of yours. According to your planning, it's supposed to come with both a rapid-fire and high-energy firing modes. No matter the mode, your mech won't be able to persist very long on the battlefield."
 Even if it relied on external battery packs, Ves could still not go over the fact that his mech wouldn't be able to carry too many of them. That would negate all of the advantages of slimming down the mech.
 "I'm already aware of the power issues. There are no easy solutions to this problem. As long as the rest of the mech is able to deliver on its promises, I think my customers won't mind too much on this issue."
 "It's your call." Chief Cyril shrugged. "The second problem is that the armor looks a little thin. Are you aware that the Veltrex armor system won't work as well when you thin down the layers?"
 The Veltrex armor system consisted of three fixed layers of armor plating of different compositions. The Blackbeak enjoyed an ample thickness for each of the three layers, so it was able to make full use of armor system.
 Chief Cyril pointed out an uncomfortable truth, and that was that Ves took an armor system meant for knights and applied it to a rifleman mech design.
 "It's... a less than ideal use of the Veltrex system, I admit." Ves had to concede his faults. "It's true that I'm driven by practicality when I made this design choice. If I had the option, I would have used another armor system, but I don't think the additional spending is worth it. Even though the Veltrex plating loses a bit of effectiveness when they're applied so thinly, they still perform above average compared to the local market standard."
 Ves licensed the Veltrex armor system from Leemar. It couldn't compare against the regular compressed armor licenses that circulated in the Bright Republic.
 However, it didn't change the fact that Ves had made a suboptimal design choice.
 "Do you think it will affect the market evaluation of my design?"
 "Hm. Maybe not. It's not like anyone else but other mech designers care about a slight misuse like this. The critics will torch you for this decision, but in my judgement the mech pilots won't care. It may even be of help to your fans. If they bought both your Blackbeaks and some copies of this new design, then the logistics of maintaining and repairing them will be a lot simpler."
 Compressed armor was very difficult to fabricate and used up a lot of materials. A single outfit would have an extremely hard time trying to carry all of the raw materials of several different premium armor systems.
 If multiple mechs used the same armor system, then that drastically lightened the footprint of any outfit. Some mech manufacturers designed a complete portfolio of mechs that shared the same materials for that reason.
 "I think the Veltrex armor system has enough flexibility to be applied to any medium mech archetype." Ves concluded after the chief raised this point. "I don't plan on designing every popular archetype with the same armor system, but it's a nice benefit if I can make it work."
 The issue of earning DP continued to hound Ves. Right now, most of his DP came from selling physical Blackbeak copies. In this regard, his silver label Blackbeaks only earned him a trickle, while the much more abundant bronze label Blackbeaks actually drove most of his DP income.
 Even then, domestic sales of the Blackbeak had started to slide now that most of the immediate demand had been met. Elemental Mech Engineering, the third party manufacturer that marketed its products in the domestic market, already informed the LMC that they had already dialed down their production.
 Vaun Industrial had picked up the slack, but it wasn’t easy trying to introduce a Brighter product into the markets of foreign states. Besides some modest success in the Protectorate and a couple of other states, Vaun had failed to make an impact elsewhere.
 "It’s going to take at least a month before my DP swells up to 40,000." He judged.
 That was a fairly long time, and anything could happen in between. He did not wish to delay his project any more than necessary.
 In the meantime, Ves kept collecting feedback from his friends and closest employees. He heard pretty much the same thing about power supply, heat management and the effectiveness of the armor system from everyone, although they focused on different aspects.
 Different from last time, the LMC had now grown into a sizable employer. Besides asking other people’s opinions in an informal setting, he also got roped into holding a meeting in front of a bunch of marketing managers he didn’t even know his company hired.
 While they lacked the technical background to understand the nuts and bolts of his design, their understanding of the market provided welcome comments.
 "The design looks to be on the thick side when compared to other rifleman mechs. That’s not a bad thing per se, but your customers are wondering if the bulk adds enough value to your mech. Rifleman mechs these days come very light."
 "The specs look good enough, but I’m afraid it won’t give the design enough of an edge compared to the dominant models on the market."
 "The crystal projector technology looks very interesting, but most buyers will look at it with a grain of salt. You need to demonstrate this feature in a live exhibition in order to make an impact."
 "Your design’s appearance looks very neutral and unisex. I think it will be better if you can adjust its profile to be more masculine. That’s going to project more strength and make your buyers more confident about purchasing a good product."
 The more feedback he gathered, the more he gained a sense on how the market would receive his mech. Ves had to admit the HR department did a good job hiring some insightful folk.
 Ever since the LMC moved to the Mech Nursery, Ves noticed that every employee gained a sense of pride and accomplishment. Trading up from the shabby old workshop and a couple of rented offices downtown to a company-owned office and manufacturing complex added a lot of weight and legitimacy to the company.
 Another important event happened in between the feedback sessions. Melkor finally brought his newly acquired mechs and mech pilots home. His cousin brought the nucleus of the Avatars of Myth to the mech stables erected close to the center of the Mech Nursery next to where Sanyal-Ablin stashed their own mechs.
 When Ves met with Melkor, the newly christened force commander brought along his hired men and women. Their ages trended in the upper range for mech pilots, from the upper thirties to the lower fifties. They all stood at ranks as if they had never left the Mech Corps.
 "Are they former servicemen?"
 "Most of them have served in the Mech Corps in some capacity as advanced mech pilots." Melkor nodded. "For one reason or another, they sought out jobs in the private sector. Don’t worry, they haven’t been dishonorably discharged. There are no problems in their background."
 "Are they willing to stick around for a decade?"
 "As long as we maintain the same level of remuneration, there’s nothing to worry about. They’re onboard for the long haul as they’ve all signed a fixed contract."
 Ves nodded at his words. Every member of the Avatars of Myth received a very generous amount of compensation, well above the market average in fact. In return, the mech pilots would be obliged to keep their mouths shut and accept hazardous deployments without question.
 "That’s good. How are they taking their new jobs?"
 "We’ve mostly been training our teamwork and coordination in simulations. We also performed some live-fire exercises, but it’s difficult seeing as our knight mechs are supposed to be our backup models."
 "I forgot about that." Ves admitted. The Avatars of Myths was meant to pilot his own designs in time once he filled out the other roles. "I’ll divert some time to fabricate two exclusive gold label Blackbeaks for your knight pilots."
 "We’re grateful for that. The sooner you get that done, the earlier we can become a well-oiled machine."
 Ves hung around the Avatars of Myth for a while and discussed some matters with Melkor while observing the other mech pilots. From what he had witnessed so far, despite his age, Melkor seemed to have earned the respect of the veteran mech pilots. They didn’t treat him like a rookie who was way in over his head.
 Maybe Melkor possessed a talent in administration and leadership. He looked like the type of person who was very meticulous and detail-oriented. It remained to be seen if he could keep his cool and direct the Avatars of Myth in an actual battle, however.
 "After you’ve received the two Blackbeaks, when will the Avatars be battle ready?"
 Melkor had to think carefully how to answer that question. "They are all competent mech pilots, so there is no questioning their capabilities. They can be deployed immediately in an emergency, but you shouldn’t get your hopes up. Without sufficient drilling, they’re liable to fight as eight separate mechs rather than a single cohesive squad."
 Despite what Melkor might think, Ves knew the importance of improving coordination and building up a rapport. He still possessed some lingering memories from Barley during his first Mastery acquisition.
 His evaluation of his cousin went up. No Larkinson was average. He grew more curious about why the Mech Corps let go of Melkor in the first place.
 "Did you get into contact with Raella while you recruited your men at Bentheim?"
 "I did."
 "How is she?"
 "She’s irritable to me." Melkor answered as he adjusted the visor on his head. "The Larkinsons have openly cut ties with her. Every family member on Rittersberg is aghast at her decision to join the Blood Claws. It’s clear she doesn’t want anything to do with the Larkinsons right now."
 Ves shook his head in regret. Maybe he should have paid her more attention when she’d been assigned as his bodyguard. A small part of him also blamed Dietrich for bringing her to Bentheim and introducing her to the Blood Claws.
 Still, there was no use crying over spilled milk.
 "Is she happy there?"
 "Oh, she certainly is. I think the separation has done some good for her, as the family’s expectations for her has weighed her down. Some people aren’t meant to bear this kind of pressure. She’s found her own lot in life now."
 "Well, she can always come back to us if she wants to get out. The Blood Claws aren’t exactly the friendliest bunch to hang around with. Gangs aren’t exactly the most stable employers in the galaxy."
 After commiserating about Raella’s fate, they moved on to planning for the future.
 "There’s a war going on right now." Ves said with apprehension. "While Cloudy Curtain is probably too small to register in the radar of the Vesians, they might look at us as an easy target. Are you prepared to defend the Mech Nursery?"
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "Not on our own." Melkor shook his head. "We’ll still have to rely on Sanyal-Ablin to do the heavy lifting. Are they contracted to hold against overwhelming odds?"
 "Not as of yet. It’s too expensive to make them fight to the death. If they face overwhelming odds, they’ll prioritize their own lives."
 That was the downside of contracting a security company instead of setting up your own force. While security companies sounded more respectable than mercenaries, they essentially shared the same traits.
 Just like mercenaries, security companies prioritised their own benefits over the interests of their clients. In order to secure the full backing of Sanyal-Ablin in the event of an overwhelming attack, Ves would need to pay several billions of credits each year.
 Even then, they might still cut and run at the end.
 Ves would rather invest in the Avatars of Myth than put his faith into Sanyal-Ablin. Although their Konsu Clan origins sufficiently deterred the small fry from pulling any mischief, the Mech Legion wouldn’t hold back their punches.
 It was not as if the security company stood directly for the Konsu Clan. At most, it represented a single interest group within the massive Coalition partner’s political landscape. Plenty of precedents proved that well-connected security companies like SASS purely adhered to the mercenary standard and avoided greater entanglement.
 It would be ugly if a group backed by someone in the Gauge Dynasty demolished a group from the Konsu Clan, and the latter followed up on the incident to the highest authority.
 Proxy wars should be kept at arm’s length.
 In a sense, Ves enjoyed the implicit backing of the Clifford Society and Master Olson’s extensive network. Standing under their shadows even if Ves wasn’t a part of their inner circles saved him a lot of potential trouble.
 His enemies couldn’t be unscrupulous in their methods to deal with him. Otherwise, Ves would have been subjected to a lot more assassination attempts.
 Still, Ves largely considered himself as an independent mech designer. Master Olson opened up a lot of doors for him, but he didn’t enjoy her highest favor. That was reserved for direct disciples like Oleg, a freak so smart that Ves suspected that his intelligence had naturally broken past the human limit in his teens.
 After commanding Melkor to liaison with Sanyal-Ablin concerning base defense, Ves moved back to the underground fabrication floor and commandeered the Dortmund production line.
 He proceeded to spend the next three days on fabricating the gold label Blackbeaks for the Avatars of Myth. He demanded to work on both mechs alone to ensure the highest quality.
 The mech technicians around him didn’t mind their exclusion at all. In fact, it left them free to observe his confident work methods and the exquisite way he built up the two mechs.
 Even though he spent much less time on fabrication than his mech technicians, his every move and action elicited praise from his grease monkeys.
 "This is how a real master works!"
 "Even Carlos and the chief are left in the dust compared to our boss!"
 "How wonderful it is to witness the boss at work. With his skills, he could have easily become the lead fabricator in a major mech manufacturer."
 "Hah, lead fabricator? That’s too small a job for our boss. Even if a bigshot company from the galactic center offered him a cushy job, he’d be a fool to give up what he built up on his own. Mech design is where his real passion lies."
 Ves felt better when he heard the incidental praise, even though they hardly knew anything about the real mech industry. His Assembly Skills and Sub-Skills looked impressive, but any seasoned fabricator in the major mech manufacturers in the Republic could beat him down a notch.
 Those who dedicated their entire careers in this field couldn’t be underestimated.
 Once Ves finished the two mechs, he personally ensured they went to the Avatars of Myth. The two knight pilots looked especially ecstatic to pilot his handcrafted work. His gold label Blackbeaks had earned an exalted reputation among the mech community, and their quality was as revered as their scarcity.
 "The two machines will definitely make the men happy." Melkor remarked to Ves. "Once you supply us with other types of mechs, the Avatars of Myth will really go into business then."
 They watched on as the cadre of the Avatars surrounded the two artistic machines. The reliefs and carvings that the lower labels lacked elicited a lot of admiration.
 Now that Ves had finished his chores, he thought it was time to get back to the main business at hand. He already collected sufficient feedback to make some targeted adjustments to his design. He was itching to go at it, but without possession of a Mastery, the chance of going astray at some point scared him off.
 "I need more Design Points." He frowned when he noted he was shy of 20,000 DP away from being able to afford his desired Mastery.
 His recent foray to the Joe System and his subsequent translocation to the planet that hosted crystal city drained all of his DP.
 Ves did not regret the spending. Besides upgrading his Physics Skill to a ludicrous level for his age, he also cracked some of the secrets to alien technology and obtained a highly capable handheld multiscanner.
 However, it didn’t change the fact that his latest splurge left him in an awkward situation. Even with the help of two third party manufacturers, generating 40 billion credits in revenue could not be accomplished with a single wave of his hand.
 "Do I really have to go back to designing a virtual mech?"
 It would be the most expedient way to milk some quick DP, but only if he designed his virtual mech fast enough.
 If he sped up his design process too much, he’d be liable to cut too many corners and publish a subpar design. All of his care and attention into building up a reputation for quality would go down the drain by then.
 "A good reputation is hard to erect but easy to tear down."
 He practically cornered himself in terms of delivering consistently high quality products. If he slipped up a single time, his fans and the critics would eat him alive.
 The dilemma kept him paralyzed for a couple of hours as he took a break in his private office at the top floor of the headquarters.
 "It’s awfully empty here."
 Lucky had wandered off ever since he left the labs, but he came back after a while. Still, even with the presence of his pet, the office seemed too large for the purpose. Initially, Ves was impressed by its grandiose enormity, but after time he found he missed his old office back at the now-abandoned workshop.
 "How things change."
 The LMC moved up and Ves had advanced as well. The changes happened a bit too quickly for him to adjust. From worrying over earning several million credits, to raking in a billion credits each month, a lot of things had changed in a matter of two years. Other mech designers needed a least a decade to growth their businesses to this extent.
 A sense of alienation momentarily welled within him. He missed the days when his ambitions only encompassed running a successful mech boutique.
 Instead of selling a couple of mechs a month, he sold hundreds of them if he included the third party manufacturers. Each of them sold for at least 60 million credits, well into the upper range of the local mech market, which was an incredible accomplishment for Ves.
 "Yet all of this wealth and fame doesn’t allow me to do what I want anymore."
 Industry insiders watched his every move, waiting to see if he could go further than what he had already achieved. Ves truly couldn’t afford to show any signs of weakness. Unlike Michael Dumont, he didn’t enjoy strong backing who was willing to hold his hand if he somehow stumbled on his feet.
 Only after he calmed his mind did he figure out an appropriate solution.
 "If I can’t publish a quick and sloppy design in my own identity, then I’ll just use another one."
 The galactic net was home to trillions of different aliases and identities. It was fairly hard to be completely anonymous on the galactic net, but it could be done as long as he paid the price. Setting up a second identity on Iron Spirit that had nothing to do with his original Chasing Clouds account required a bit more finesse.
 "Iron Spirit is very strict with regards to checking the identities of its designers."
 According to their regulations, it was to make sure that the virtual mech designer received the proceeds to the sales of his virtual mechs. In reality, they wanted to keep track of the designers and prevent abuse.
 For Ves alone to try to circumvent these identity checks, he’d have to go through a lot of trouble. Luckily, he could turn to other sources for a more convenient solution.
 Ves activated his desk terminal and logged into the Clifford Society’s virtual portal. His virtual avatar emerged in the city before the mountainous landscape, and he quickly entered the shop region where he scoured for a provider of various shady services.
 He eventually found the same shop which previously hacked the Dortmund’s processors for him. Ves remembered that the shop offered a lot of other dubious services. He approached the bored-looking man sitting behind a shop counter.
 "Hi. Can you arrange a secure second identity for me?"
 "For what purposes do you wish you use your second identity?"
 "To browse the galactic net and open a second account in Iron Spirit. I don’t want any of it traced back to me."
 The shop attendant yawned and waved his hand, summoning up a small list of relevant options. "Take your pick and pay up. You’ll get your new credentials immediately."
 Ves browsed the short list of options and realized that establishing a second identity came with a number of different origins.
 The simplest ones consisted of completely faked identities. These would essentially be persons that some shady organization faked into existence by hacking the databases of a planet or state. Most of the time, the hacked planets or states consisted of backwaters with a poor level of monitoring, such as the Mancroft Independent Harbor.
 These identities would be extremely shady and easy to mistrust. Many organizations on the galactic net even blanket banned anyone who claimed to hail from some of these places, or implemented rigorous background checks that his new account would almost certainly fail.
 The next step up would be to assume an identity of a deceased citizen of a reputable state. These individuals mostly disappeared in ship accidents. Whenever a ship’s FTL drive failed or went astray, the occupants wouldn’t be heard from ever again. Officially, they’d be designated as missing, and over time they would be marked as deceased.
 Identity forgers paid off certain local bureaucrats to quietly remove some individuals from the list of passengers. Officially, the passengers had never boarded the ship that disappeared into nowhere. On the record, they were still alive and well. They just decided to take an extended holiday to some isolated asteroid or something.
 While the shop sold even more elaborate identities, Ves didn’t have a use for them. After all, he only wanted to do some business on the galactic net. He wasn’t planning on selling a physical product, which normally necessitated a much more rigorous false identity.
 "I’ll take the deceased ID option for a mech designer." Ves said.
 "That will be five merits."
 The shop actually overcharged Ves for the service. Each merit held an incredible amount of value that couldn’t completely be expressed in credits. He doubted that forging a false identity of a missing individual cost more than a hundred-thousand credits.
 Still, Ves could at least trust the shop to deliver on its promises and be describe. Otherwise, the Clifford Society would have done something about them by now.
 If Ves decided to be stingy and asked for a black market referral from Dietrich, it would be a complete guess whether the forger stuck to the agreement.
 A few minutes later, Ves gained the unremarkable identity of Rabant Clearwater, a novice mech designer who disappeared when the passenger ship he traveled on had been chased into FTL by pirates in pursuit a decade ago.
 The identity forgers picked out his identity and made sure that no trace of his presence aboard the passenger ship remained in any databases.
 The shop promised the identity was foolproof. Short of Mr. Clearwater showing up himself, Ves would not have to worry about the Republic or anyone else besides the shop getting wind of his identity.
 "Does the Clifford Society know about my identity as well?"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "Of course." The bored man answered in a tone that made it clear he repeated the same words more than a thousand times. He waved his hand around the entire ship. "This entire virtual space is under constant monitoring by the Clifford Society’s AIs. Every transaction is laid bare to them. If you wanted more privacy, then you should have at least visited our physical shop in the Leemar System."
 Ves had no time to travel to Coalition space. "I understand. Maybe I’ll pay a visit if I need a more solid identity. This one will suffice for now. Thank you for your help."
 "You’re welcome." The shop attendant said while closing his eyes again. Under his breath, he grumbled some words. "Why am I sitting here by myself. A bot could do the same job ten times better."
 With a new identity in hand, Ves felt as if he liberated himself from an invisible cage. The weight of expectations didn’t affect him as much anymore now that he could assume the identity of Rabant Clearwater.
 To be sure, Ves scoured the galactic net for any traces and indeed found nothing outwardly suspicious. He studied Mr. Clearwater’s past and memorized a handful of important details, such as his place of birth, his former residences and the schools he attended.
 Everything looked boring and normal, exactly the way Ves liked it. "I can utilize this identity for more than publishing virtual designs."
 Perhaps he could also engage in other virtual activities that would be too inconvenient for Ves to attend in his own identity.
 After he set up his Rabant identity on his own comm, he went to work. He opened a second Iron Spirit account and rerouted a few million credits through an untraceable method.
 Ves didn’t need to resort to someone else to do that for him. Compared to falsifying an identity, sending money to another account in an untraceable way was trivial.
 Once Iron Spirit finished their automated background check and came up clean, Ves received a prompt to name his account.
 He only had to think for a moment before inputting something random. "Crazy War Criminal."
 He half expected the name to be used already, but surprisingly enough Iron Spirit actually let Rabant take on this pseudonym.
 "Huh, maybe the other mech designers are wimps."
 He chose the word crazy because he wanted to use his second account to try all sorts of unconventional designs. He included the words war criminal because he had technically designed and fabricated a taboo weapon.
 The others in the game would probably think of his nickname as shameless boasting. Only he knew how true those words described his singular stain in his mech design career.
 Now that he took care of all of the hassle, he could finally start to design a quick and easy mech. Ves already formulated some ideas while he arranged his second identity.
 "This new account doesn’t enjoy any of the renown and reputation of my Chasing Clouds account."
 The downside to assuming a new identity was that he couldn’t use his public renown to use. His second identity came free of all of his entanglements, both good and bad. Starting over with a blank slate meant that Ves essentially returned to the bottom.
 "I already knew I have to pay a price for all of this convenience."
 Ves already thought about how to attract enough attention despite his second identity’s lack of reputation. He would design something that was both good and crazy. As long as his design attracted enough attention, he would easily be able to sell enough mechs to earn a measly 20,000 DP.
 He only cared about accumulating a set amount of DP in the fastest way possible. After he achieved his goal, he couldn’t care less on how his crazy design performed in the virtual market. He would leave his second identity alone and go back to it whenever he needed to earn another batch of DP.
 "Let’s see. Since my real identity is involved with designing knights and rifleman mechs, I shouldn’t go for these archetypes. It’s probably not a good idea to stick with medium mechs either."
 His first choice would be to design a light or heavy mech. Both came with their own pros and cons.
 "Which one will I go for?"
 Ves wanted to go crazy. Over the past two years, he gained so many new Skills and experienced so many new things. His enhanced Creativity constantly overflowed his mind with interesting mech concepts.
 "I can finally unleash my wildest thoughts!"
 Naturally, he had to be somewhat discrete in his methods. If his products under the Crazy War Criminal account resembled his existing offerings under the Chasing Clouds account, then people would easily be able to draw the lines.
 That would defeat the purpose of operating a second account.
 Therefore, Ves had to adopt a different design method and avoid resorting to the same old methods.
 "That won’t be much of a challenge. As my Skills keep growing, so do my bag of tricks."
 Deeper knowledge allowed for more elaborate branching of methods. Perhaps when he used to be poorly skilled, he could only tentatively utilize a single method to solve a specific problem. Once his knowledge widened, he became more proficient in applying that specific method, but he also became familiar with alternatives.
 "It’s like traveling from Cloudy Curtain to Bentheim. Previously, the only way I could travel from star system to star system was to book a second-class ticket on an average passenger ship. Now, I’m still able to travel cheap if I want to, but I can also upgrade to a first-class ticket. Not that I need to, now that I have the Barracuda as my personal corvette."
 The same principles applied to mech design. With a broadened perspective, Ves could easily disguise his work by forcing himself to adopt different methods. Though the quality of his work would decline, trying out something different was still a useful exercise.
 Considering his options, he preferred to design a heavy mech rather than a light mech due to the wealth of design options available to him. Heavy mechs boasted vastly more weight and volume allowances, enabling Ves to stuff as many systems as he wanted onto a suitable frame.
 "The only problem with this option is that it takes a lot of time to design a heavy mech."
 Even if he designed a variant based off an existing design, he would still have to spend many hours in modifying and optimizing his frame just to achieve a basic level of quality.
 "It’s no joke to design a heavy mech."
 Ves had never really attempted to design a heavy mech, even a virtual one. The only experience he had with working with heavy mechs was when he took part in the Young Tigers Exhibition. Charlotte Hoffmeister’s Kirby made an unforgettable impression to Ves.
 He also remembered that his former classmate Patricia Schneider specialized in designing heavy mechs as well. Ever since she got snapped up by Master Null in the Leemar Open Competition, Ves hadn’t heard any news of her since.
 It would be nice to get in touch with her again, he thought. They shared the same class back at Rittersberg and they had also been the only mech designers from the Bright Republic to have reached the finals in the Open Competition.
 Ves even harbored a tentative dream to collaborate on a design.
 Sadly, every message he sent to the woman disappeared into a black hole. Ves didn’t know if Patricia received his message, let alone deign to send out a reply. The only thing he got out of the Clifford Society was that Patricia had never Leemar even once.
 "She’s likely taking her time to shore up her foundation."
 If Ves was a conventional mech designer, he’d be doing the same thing. Fortunately, the Mech Designer System cut short the time it took for him to expand his knowledge, so he had no need to go to school again.
 After a moment of consideration, Ves decided to make the practical choice and chose to design a light mech. Their smaller, slimmer builds left him with very little room for error, but it had the advantage that it didn’t take too much time to slap a working mech together.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "It’s not worth the effort if it takes more than a week for me to finish a virtual mech design."
 In this brief amount of time, Ves wanted to test his capabilities to the limit by rushing together a design that would successfully make an impact in the virtual market. In order to achieve the latter, Ves had to be creative and design a sufficiently shocking mech to overcome his second account’s lack of renown.
 Now that he pinned down the weight class, he needed to decide on its star tier and archetype. While he was capable of designing modern 5-star mechs, Ves chose to take a step back and tackle the more modest 3-star range.
 3-star mechs might be outdated by more than two-hundred years, but that also made them a lot easier to work with, thereby speeding up his design process.
 "3-star mechs are also much more widely sold than 5-star mechs."
 The latter may be more prestigious, but they didn’t necessarily led to higher sales. Ves wanted to earn a modest sum of 20,000 DP in order to afford his next Mastery. While 5-star mechs came with higher DP caps, thereby ultimately earning Ves a lot more points, it would take months to get that far.
 Ves needed immediate short-term gains instead of long-term investments.
 As for the archetype, he thought about designing an aerial mech. He hadn’t designed much of them, but his increased knowledge base gave him the option of working somewhat well with flight systems.
 "I’ll be designing an aerial production mech sooner or later, so it might be useful to get some practice."
 Thus, Ves settled on a aerial light mech. As for the type, Ves previously designed the Seraphim, which utilized a long-ranged rifle. Therefore, Ves thought about going for a melee type this time.
 In general, aerial melee mechs in the light weight class mostly consisted of skirmisher and scout role. They made for ideal mechs to ambush unsuspecting rifleman mechs that fared poorly in a fight up close.
 The problem with this combat method was that aerial melee mechs often got shot down before they reached their targets. Light mechs in particular only needed to be hit a couple of times before they started smoking.
 Skilled pilots worked around these limitations and ambushed their prey behind obstacles. They trained their patience to a level where they would be willing to hide atop a structure for days until an enemy mech passed by.
 Ves couldn’t expect the kids who fooled around with 3-star mechs in Iron Spirit to do the same. They craved quick action and wouldn’t put up with waiting for more than five minutes in the same spot.
 He knew this because his Old Soul and the DarkSpear virtual designs didn’t really sell all that well. Even with the partnerships the LMC had struck with the local game centers, not a lot of players chose to pilot these mechs, even for free.
 In order to counteract his design’s vulnerability to anti-air, Ves needed to come up with some sort of solution.
 "Maybe a shield?"
 A shield in this weight class wouldn’t be of much use. The better choice would be to adopt some sort of stealth or ECM system, but aerial mechs emitted so much heat that it would be impossible to hide it from the sensors of any decent mech.
 Ordinarily, a mech designer who faced this problem faced a dead end. If he went through with his choice to design an aerial melee mech, then he’d have to accept the vulnerability inherent in the type without any recourse.
 Ves was not an average mech designer. His ability already brought him in the upper ten percent of mech designers, and although it was extremely hard to climb higher at this point, he still refused to be stumped by this problem.
 He actually had a very crazy solution in mind.
 "An aerial melee mech meant to fight up close needs some protection at the diving stage. Most often, they do so by putting their legs in the way of any incoming fire."
 Aerial mechs put much less importance on legs than landbound mechs. After all, even if their legs got torn apart, they could still move around the battlefield, although their balance would be out of whack.
 Therefore, the people who piloted aerial mechs had the tendency of using the legs as a disposable form of armor, to the chagrin of their mech technicians.
 Medium aerial mechs even possessed enough weight to crush any landbound mech if they stomped their opponents from above. This mode of delivering death from above was highly popular in virtual games, but much less so in reality due to the enormous costs of wrecking a mech’s entire pair of legs.
 Ves wanted to take this concept of borrowing the falling force of a mech and adopt it to his light mech in a practical way. This would be hard, but Ves already had an idea in mind.
 "A light mech can still crush any landbound mech as long as its dive is lengthy enough to build up a lot of momentum. Still, the light mech will usually come out as the loser of this exchange if its targeting a medium mech."
 In the worst case, it would be like throwing an egg against a wall. The egg would be completely demolished while the wall hardly noticed the bump.
 The story would be different if Ves replaced the egg with a pick.
 "A humanoid light mech that flies in the air doesn’t need a conventional pair of legs."
 Instead of designing a pair of redundant legs, what if Ves replaced it with a single broad spike with enough substance to make for a very sturdy lance?
 It would look like a mermaid mech, but instead of replacing the lower body with a flexible tail, Ves wanted to utilize a hard and tough spike built solely to pierce through armor from above.
 "This will also solve the deficiency in armor concerning my mech type."
 If he added some sort of disposable armor or padding to the exterior of the spike, his light mech would be able to last even longer. Even if this disposable layer couldn’t hold on for long, the spike itself consisted of enough solid mass to endure a beating.
 As for the upper body, Ves planned on arming his mech with a two-handed hammer. This would be the ideal weapon to deliver the finishing blow after it had come to a stop, preferably after having impaled through an enemy mech.
 "A pair of knives won’t have the reach to finish off an enemy mech impaled to the ground. Swords and spears won’t cut it either as the amount of power behind each blow won’t be impressing anybody."
 Light mechs possessed a lot less power than medium mechs. Against a decently-armored mech, their blows would more often than not bounce off the armor. Their mech pilots had to build up momentum or put the entire weight of their mechs behind their blows to inflict telling damage.
 For his experimental spike-legged mech, such an option wouldn’t be practical. It had to finish off a damaged opponent from a temporary state of mobility. Therefore, even if such a weapon would add a lot to the weight, Ves decided to settle for a light but long-handled hammer.
 "This sounds like a crazy mech."
 Ves leaned back in his chair behind his private workshop terminal and sighed. He decided to do his design work in the confines of his private workshop because he couldn’t let anyone else find out about his second account.
 With Lucky swatting every spy drone that circumvented the other security measures every hour, Ves did not have to fear any further exposure.
 "Still, it’s not like I’m completely anonymous. The Clifford Society knows, and so does the shop that sold me this identity."
 That was why even if he had the option of incorporating technology derived from taboo weaponry, Ves purposefully chose to avoid going down this route. The ’war criminal’ portion in his second handle merely represented his aspiration to break the conventional rules.
 "I guess the System succeeded in corrupting some of my morals."
 Now that Ves finished defining his vision for his light mech, he proceeded to move on to the next phase.
 "Should I even go through with the next phase for this design?"
 The next step would be to come up with a suitable set of images perform his Triple Division technique to infuse his design with life. However, if he did so, he’d leave an obvious trail of breadcrumbs from his second account back to his primary account.
 He shook his head. "Maybe if I use the exact same technique, it might lead to questions. I’ll just have to switch up my methods in order to fend off any suspicions."
 Therefore, instead of using the Triple Division technique, Ves decided to make use of a single but extremely focused image.
 "With a design like this, it can’t be piloted in a conventional manner."
 An aerial light mech whose primary method of dealing damage consisted of thrusting its single spiked leg from above needed a special brand of crazy to work. Common sense had no place in this half-suicidal method of attack.
 Ves decided to construct a single totem animal and infuse its entire instincts into the X-Factor of his design. He had no need for rationality or balance that the base model and human myth images normally provided. Instead, he wanted to achieve a single extreme.
 The more he thought about it, the more he became enthused by the prospect of such a mech. "Only crazy people allowed!"
 He didn’t spend too much time on forming the image. He shaped a narrow-beaked pecker bird into being. He casually named it it the Impaling Bird, which reinforced the idea he came up with for this image.
 As a mythical form of life, Ves scaled up the bird to the size of a mech. The mythical bird possessed a fluorescent grey beak that was both sharp and tough. Its main mode of attack consisted of flying fast and embedding its prey with the point of its beak.
 Besides delivering a devastating blow with its beak, the Impaling Bird was also capable of finishing off its opponents by slapping it with its wings.
 After defining its shape and capabilities, Ves spent a couple of hours constructing a fictional history along with the world in which the bird resided. Details were sparse, but Ves included a lot of different combat situations where the Impaling Bird utilized its beak to great success time and time again.
 The Impaling Bird never got tired off runnings its spiked beak through its prey and predators alike. The cruel and primitive bird delighted in staking its entire life in a single attack run. It was a miracle that it hadn’t died already.
 Once he finished the image, the extreme bird came to life within his mind. Bird immediately moved as if it wanted to cause some trouble in his mind, but when it suddenly noticed the spiritually strong existence of the crystal golem, it instantly became meek.
 "You better settle down until I finish your design."
 The bird might be suicidal sometimes but it never attempted to attack an opponent out of its league.
 After making sure the crystal golem wouldn’t come after the Impaling Bird and vica versa, Ves proceeded to move on to his design.
 "I can’t design a mech without parts."
 Even if he chose to design an original mech, he still needed plenty of components to bring his work up to par. He quickly visited the virtual license database and bought a slew of fitting virtual licenses.
 Most of his purchases consisted of average components. Ves wanted to keep his prices low to encourage sales. He only made a concession when he bought a separate armor system for the spikes. The new set of plating possessed an extreme amount of resistance against sudden shocks and impacts. It fared less well against heat and laser-based weapons, but Ves accepted this tradeoff as long as it didn’t splinter apart after it impaled a mech from above.
 As for the other licenses, they fitted aerial light mechs rather well. The major components all specialized in delivering a high level of peak performance. While this limited the endurance of his design, it would at least maximize its chances of success.
 "The flight system also deserves some attention."
 Ves needed a flight system that could keep up with the demands of his light mech. Ves left efficiency to the wayside and picked out a fairly robust system for a light mech. It was capable of surviving plenty of bumps and could bring an aerial mech back into the air in rapid tempo.
 "Too bad it uses up a lot of energy if it does so."
 This wasn’t a problem in a duel format. Just like the Havalax, his light mech wanted to end the battle quickly and avoid a battle of attrition.
 "The more its opponent encounters the move, the more they put up their guard."
 Over time, people would become familiar with the tricks of a difficult design. This depressed the performance and win rates of those specialist designs. Disgruntled buyers would flood the sales pages of those mechs, discouraging others from taking the plunge.
 "Even if my design will end up being a temporary fad, it’s already worth it as long as I can achieve a few thousand sales."
 All of the component licenses together set him back several million credits. To Ves, such an expenditure was a drop in the bucket compared to his vast private wealth. Even leaving out his seventy percent ownership in the LMC, he still received several billions credits after Walter’s Whalers paid him what they owed according to their agreement.
 The most expensive license consisted of the special armor formula that made up the single spiked leg.
 With all the ingredients at hand, Ves proceeded to cook up his design over the next six days.
 The challenge of drafting an entire frame from scratch always daunted him, but he already benefited from his previous experience. The lessons he learned from drafting the Blackbeak and his upcoming rifleman mech design helped him out a lot.
 "It also helps that light mechs don’t have a lot of meat to their bones."
 While this didn’t eliminate all of the complexity, it did cut down on the number-crunching and busywork. Ves spent more time trying to achieve synergy between the components he picked out than to force his frame to perform to a strict standard.
 The only part where he encountered difficulties was when he began to design the bottom spike.
 He could have made it thin or thick and broad or narrow. Ves casually tried several different configurations and threw them into a simulator which basically dropped the mech onto a target down below.
 Only after he ran the design through simulated combat conditions did he realize how difficult it was to ensure the mech’s survival after it had landed.
 The spike always broke off if he made it skinny and narrow. While the narrow profile also helped the penetration, allowing his design to pierce through heavy mechs, it also snapped like a twig after every dive.
 This gave his design no second opportunities. Ves did not wish for his design to become a useless lump of metal after it had performed a single dive, so he opted for beefier designs.
 Once he broadened and deepened the spike, the mech became a lot more resilient. The extra armor sufficiently protected the mech from anti-air and also added extra oomph to every diving attack.
 However, if Ves went too far in this direction, his design lost too much mobility. It could barely stay aloft and would take ages to climb up to a higher altitude.
 Thus, after experimenting with many different shapes, Ves opted for a configuration that fell in between the two extremes.
 The spike was fairly broad at the hips but tapered down to a wicked spike at the end where the feet of the mech normally reached.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 When Ves stepped back and looked at his design from a distance, he could almost mistake its silhouette for a woman in a dress.
 "Maybe it’s not a bad thing if I emphasize its gender a little more."
 He shifted some mass around here and there. He basically narrowed the stomach area and widened the hips and upper torso. Naturally, he wouldn’t go too far to the extent of being obscene, but he definitely didn’t leave any ambiguity on the gender of his design.
 Now that he thought about it, a lot of light mechs adopted feminine contours. The weight class lent itself to this profile due to how narrow and light it was. As long as mech designers didn’t go too far, nobody paid attention to it. Men wouldn’t hesitate to pilot a feminine-looking mech as long as it delivered a solid level of performance.
 It also looked kind of absurd for this feminine-looking mech to wield a long, two-handed hammer. The hammer brought a significant amount of heft to the design, and could crush the head of any mech it came in touch with. Sadly, it wouldn’t be able to inflict more than a dent to undamaged armor, as Ves hadn’t made it as heavy as hammers wielded by medium mechs.
 "Still, this hammer will do fine if it strikes a weak point."
 The logic behind this somewhat dainty hammer was that his design would strike the hammer through a tear that it opened up beforehand by performing a devastating dive attack. With the power behind such a move, it was inevitable for the stricken mech to expose some of its internals.
 A couple of whacks with a powerful enough hammer should be able to wreck the insides with ease.
 At the end of his six-day design spree, Ves tentatively concluded that his design made the mark. He nodded in satisfaction. "It’s not that much of a challenge to design an original 3-star mech."
 The technology available to him was primitive and simplistic compared to the modern standard. Ves easily managed to do the same in front of a crowd during the Leemar Open Competition, though those rushed products came with a large number of flaws and weak points.
 "I probably haven’t managed to eliminate every flaw in my design, but at least I’ve addressed all of the critical ones."
 Ves had to make due with that result, as his lack of time really limited his options.
 For the last couple of days, Ves thought about bringing in someone else to spread out the workload. Carlos formed the most obvious candidate. While Ves did not hold a lot of confidence in his first employee’s skills, he possessed enough competence to run some models as long as he received some instruction.
 In the end, Ves decided to prize his secrecy over convenience. It was not as if Ves desired to deliver a top notch product. As long as he ensured a basic level of quality, the design would surely sell.
 "I think I’m about finished at this point."
 He only paused his frenetic design process when he had to come up with a name. During the design process, he went through many possibilities, but all of them failed to click with the design in question.
 The name of the mech shouldn’t only fit his unconventional design. It also had to call out attention and make it easy for people to refer his mech to their friends.
 "The name has to sound good as well."
 After half an hour of brainstorming, Ves settled on the best option possible.
 "Lady Death’s Heel."
 The name succinctly summed up the feminine nature of the mech and paired it up with its main mode of combat. Lady Death did not suffer fools gladly. Whenever she encountered an idiot, she crushed them apart beneath the heels of her feet.
 Ves smiled when the Impaling Bird finally fled from his mind and took up residence in the finished design. Lady’s Death’s Heel instantly carried a faintly palpable threat, especially to men like him. The mech and the Impaling Bird made for a fitting pair, especially since the imaginary life form exerted a fair bit of influence on the design.
 "Now, let’s see how the virtual market reacts to your introduction."
 To finish the virtual design, Ves had to fabricate a copy personally. He quickly rushed the fabrication within half a day, which was only made possible due to the outdated technology and the state-of-the-art virtual equipment provided by the game.
 Ves quickly let the System evaluate his design, but didn’t pay much attention to it besides the extra DP he got from finishing the design. The parameters of Lady Death’s Heel looked quite good, but it wouldn’t astound anyone who came across this strange-looking aerial mech.
 Most of the draw came from the design’s strange and extreme mode of delivering death from above. Ves hoped that players would take a serious look at this design once they came across its distinctive profile or got wrecked by it in matches.
 Unfortunately, Crazy War Criminal’s lack of reputation sent his virtual design at the bottom of the heap as soon as Ves published the design. An uncountable amount of designs flooded Iron Spirit each day, and it would take an extraordinary mech to catch fire from out of nowhere.
 Even with his peculiar design, Ves had to compete against even crazier eccentric designs that mech designers cooked up on their own.
 Still, Ves already had an answer for this problem. He spent the remaining millions of credits in his second account for a short but intense automated ad campaign.
 One of the ways in which Iron Spirit made money was to accept paid advertising for their in-game market spaces. Although people only barely paid attention to any form of advertising these days, the exposure alone helped increase the odds that someone would stumble upon it and decide to purchase his product on an impulse.
 Naturally, he set the prices to the minimum possible. Ves did not seek out a profit at all, nor did he wish to cultivate a reputation for quality and class. The price range of his products indirectly indicated its status, and Ves sometimes raised his prices higher than the minimum in order to make a better impression on the crowd.
 Not this time, though. He wanted to lower the purchasing barrier as much as possible in order to harvest a quick sum of DP.
 "Well, now that I’ve published the design and spent some money on advertising, my job is done. Now it’s up to the market and the player base to see whether my new design catches on."
 It was an unconventional mech for sure, but Ves held a decent amount of confidence in its appeal. Even if his buyers maintained a little bit of doubt, once they hopped into the cockpit, the Impaling Bird’s instincts that suffused the design’s X-Factor should quickly influence their perceptions.
 A wicked smile appeared on his face as he thought about the impact that would make. He would have never dared to pull off such a stunt with his physical mechs. One of the most dominant traits of humanity was that they utilized their smarts on the battlefield. Patience, guile and strategy formed the mainstays of their martial prowess.
 One reason why humanity predominantly preferred humanoid mechs was because it afforded them the flexibility to employ different approaches.
 Ves basically threw all of those complicated considerations away when he designed the Lady Death’s Heel. It destroyed its opponents through a combination of two one-dimensional attack modes.
 The first strike dealt a crippling blow from above, and the second strike delivered the coup-de-grace.
 As long as something went wrong, the Heel would fall in a precarious situation. The lack of legs meant that if its flight system got crippled, it would lose all forms of mobility.
 At least other aerial mechs could still use their legs to function as a downgraded landbound mech. Not so for the Heel as its pair of legs had been replaced by a single broad spike that provided the mech with no form of locomotion at all.
 "Well, it’s not like people care that much in a virtual setting."
 What worked on a physical battlefield might not work in a virtual battlefield, and vica versa. Ves prided himself on his understanding of the mech market. Although he couldn’t match the breadth and wealth of Marcella Bollinger’s market pulse, he always paid attention to these sort of things.
 Ves left the Lady Death’s Heel to the whims of the market and went on to prepare for the next design phase. He already possessed quite a lot of knowledge, but he hadn’t bought any licenses yet, nor gathered any specific knowledge on how to design a laser rifleman mech.
 He proceeded to spend the next couple of days on borrowing some relevant books from the Clifford Society’s Moon Library. Although he valued his merits very much, the books he borrowed provided extremely valuable first-hand experiences of mech designers trying to design complete rifleman mechs from scratch.
 The knowledge contained in these books would benefit each and every ranged mech he designed from this point on, so Ves considered the merits to be well-spent.
 "If I’m ever short on merits, I can just do another mission."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Even though most of the Clifford Society’s missions came with danger, as long as he could shore up the Avatars of Myth into a competent personal force, he could handle the risks.
 Ves quietly worked for several days without checking his sales figures. He didn’t wish to procrastinate over each and every sale, and decided to take the initial waiting period as a much-needed break.
 When he became bored, he diverted some attention into browsing the MTA’s list of component licenses. After finishing his draft design, he had a pretty good idea on what kind of component licenses he needed to acquire to round up his rifleman mech.
 He especially paid a lot of attention to different laser rifle models. The weapon model had to be modular and open to extreme adjustments. He disdained the rifle models that came with all sorts of gimmicks and bells and whistles. He was content with a basic rifle with a solid design that didn’t cost too much to fabricate.
 After four days of placid research, Ves finally couldn’t contain himself any longer. He went back to the terminal and logged in with his second identity. He then visited his Crazy War Criminal’s store page and looked at the amount of sales.
 "Nine-thousand sales! What?!"
 To many mech designers, achieving nine-thousand virtual sales sounded nothing impressive. They could easily achieve such a feat in their sleep. These days, Ves would also be able to reach such a height with his primary identity.
 However, to achieve nine-thousand sales in four days with a completely unknown account was something else. Perhaps the handful of millions of credits in advertising money achieved some results, but Ves knew very well that the Lady Death’s Heel only fulfilled a tiny niche.
 Ves browsed the comments of the Heel’s product page and found that most of the players left extremely positive and extremely negative comments.
 Those who evaluated his model positively turned out to be those that bought a virtual copy.
 "DEATH TO ALL MEN!"
 "This is my favorite 3-star mech of all time! It’s so womanly! I feel gorgeous piloting this mech, and it feels great to stab a man’s head from above, before crushing the area between their legs with the nifty hammer! I love it that it has enough reach to do so!"
 "Nutcracker! Nutcracker! Nutcracker!"
 "In my professional opinion as an amateur mech pundit, this is the ultimate female empowerment mech. Crazy War Criminal is obviously hell-bent on exterminating men, and has come up with this man-hating mech for the sole purpose of putting the brutes in place. I approve!"
 The comments provided Ves with a very colored picture. Evidently, most of his buyers had actually been women. As for the men, they posted extremely negative comments in order to discourage anyone from buying this controversial mech.
 "Don’t buy this mech! It’s ugly! Its legs are too tiny and its butt is too fat! Look at that chest, there’s hardly any weight in them! If you want to look like an ugly pear, be my guest, but if you want to look pretty, go elsewhere!"
 "I hate this mech! This is a disgrace of an aerial mech! Where is the balance?! My swordsman mech can’t do anything but wait for death once this mech decides to pick me out as its target! It’s opening strike alone is enough to split my mech in half!"
 "Any men who pilots this mech is a disgrace to all men! You gender traitors might as well hand over your man cards and undergo a gender change operation, because you’re not welcome among us anymore!"
 "Ouch! My nuts! This mech is the living embodiment of an enemy of man! It’s a flying war crime that seeks to impale men’s behinds and crush their fronts whenever they get the chance to do so! This plague of a mech must be stopped!"
 The amount of controversy his latest virtual design had sparked completely overshadowed its initial appeal. Somehow, his mech had turned into a focal point of gender conflict.
 Ves scratched his head. He never anticipated such an outcome. He underestimated the frustration of the victims and the passion of its pilots.
 "Let me take a look at some footage."
 Ves browsed some public recordings and played them back, focusing only on the highlights. Time after time, the Lady Death’s Heel dove into their victims from the air.
 In the first day, the early adopters struggled to hit their targets. They often found their mechs to be difficult to control during a high-speed dive. Over time, they got the hang of it though, and when they hit their opponents, they almost always managed to cripple them. The convenient hammer that came with the mechs always ensured their targets died.
 It was only from the second day onwards that the gender disparity began to widen. The female pilots turned into screeching banshees as they openly taunted their opponents on the open channel.
 They even started to dive on their opponents in a shallower angle. Instead of aiming for the head or shoulders of their targets, they instead attempted to impale the lower waist whenever possible.
 Front or back, it didn’t matter, but it was an unprecedented humiliation for any man to allow a woman to jump their mechs in that kind of fashion.
 The Lady Death’s Heel quickly gained a reputation for being a maneating mech! Women began to flock to the model while the men tried to stay as far away from the mech as they could.
 The local players already started keeping a vigilant eye on the skies. As soon as they spotted an aerial mech, they instantly unleashed every bit of firepower they possessed. They could not let the maneating mech come close!
 Ves simply laughed when he saw the polarizing responses to the rise of his mech. All the bluster and energy surrounding his mech would quickly disappear once the fad had blown over. Behind all of the shouting and hating, Ves carefully studied the actual battle performance of the Heel.
 Besides a number of talented female pilots, the rest of his buyers hadn’t been able to make the most out of their purchases. The Lady Death’s Heel could destroy any mech in an instant, but it was incredibly difficult to line up all of the conditions.
 In fact, many of his customers actually dropped in their rankings.
 Still, the design did its job. Ves easily harvested a bucket load of DP. He earned 5 DP every time he sold a 3-star virtual mech. His near-empty DP balance increased by more than 45,000 DP in a matter of days, and would reach the 50,000 DP cap on earnings before tomorrow.
 Ves somewhat regretted designing a 3-star mech. 50,000 DP used to be a fortune to him, but the more he progressed, the more he needed to spend to climb even higher.
 "I need millions of DP to upgrade my Vulcaneye and my comm augments."
 He relied on his Privacy Shield and the Full Stealth augment for so long that he wanted to improve their capabilities. Ves only bought the entry-level versions so far, and to extend their durations, he needed to accumulate a lot more DP than he had earned up to this point.
 "That’s going to take a while."
 In any case, Ves earned more than enough DP to embark on his next task. A shudder ran through his spine as he looked forward at what his next Mastery would bring.
 A handful of fanatics came across the Lady Death’s Heel in a completely coincidental manner. Ves pushed the mech to the forefront of the catalog with a modest amount of spending. Every player in the Bright Republic encountered images of the mech in a handful of days, but most didn’t pay attention to it at all.
 They quickly regretted their neglect for this mech. Over a span of a couple of days, it had grown into the latest fad. A decent number of bold girls with plenty of credits or in-game gold to spare started to purchase the Heel by the thousands.
 After that, they rained death from the skies.
 One of the most successful and iconic Heel pilots was a seventeen year old girl called Irenal. As a daughter of a pair of bureaucrats on Rittersberg, she enjoyed a lot of privilege when she grew up. When the government discovered she possessed the aptitude to pilot a mech, her parents encouraged her to train her potential abilities.
 Although she lacked the talent and the drive to work hard, Irenal nevertheless enjoyed so many tutoring sessions that she had reached the top ten percent of her age group. Her parent’s money and influence ensured she attended one of Rittersberg’s elite mech academies, and she flourished under the high-pressure learning environment.
 In actual fact, she had become a little bored of the life of a potentate. She spent most of her time training for class or training according to the schedule made by her tutors. Irenal hardly spent any time with her friends.
 Iron Spirit formed an important part of her training as the other simulators played like single-player games. No matter how sophisticated they tried to emulate human mech pilots, they always felt too robotic.
 The sheer chaos, genius and unpredictability of fighting against humans taught Irenal to stay on her toes. People pulled off all kinds of crazy things. Since she lived a rather sheltered life among the cultured society of Rittersberg, she constantly got bullied around online.
 That all changed when she first saw an ad for the Lady Death’s Heel. The distinctive-looking feminine mech appealed to her fashion senses. Its sharp and narrow profile along with its elegant and fashionable curves appealed to her aesthetic sense.
 It’s highly distinctive fighting style sounded completely different from every other mech she had seen so far. She desperately wanted to stave off her boredom, and an interesting mech like the Heel sounded just about right.
 Without any further hesitation, she threw a bunch of credits at the store. "Now, you’re mine."
 She went over the specs of her latest purchase and understood somewhat on how to use the mech. The Lady Death’s Heel excelled against melee landbound mechs. They couldn’t retaliate against the aerial light mech when it started its descent.
 "On the other hand, a bunch of rifleman mechs will easily be able to chew this mech apart." Irenal bit her lip.
 She decided to take the mech for a spin in a massive 200v200 Wartorn Instance. Even though the mech couldn’t be run for very long, the Wartorn Instances offered plenty of opportunities to replenish spent supplies. It was more important for her to maximize the chance of encountering a landbound melee mech.
 "In duels, it’s a complete guess whether I’ll face a melee mech or not. I can only pick the largest battle I can enter and find my own targets."
 After a short period of waiting, the matchmaking process finished and the players connected onto the hangar that brought all two-hundred mechs in a single place.
 Irenal ignored the bickering armchair generals trying to organize the players into following their chosen strategies. She had her own game plan in mind, and it did not entail working together with others.
 As soon as the hangar door opened, Irenal engaged the Heel’s flight system and flew out. The battlefield this time consisted of a half-frozen aquatic moon environment. This was both good and bad for aerial mechs like the Heel.
 "One one hand, the lack of air makes it difficult for the Heel to vent its heat while in the air. On the other hand, it can quickly dump its head onto the frozen ground as long as it lands."
 Other aerial mechs that possessed a working pair of legs would find no trouble landing on the ground I was a different case for the Lady Death’s Heel, which could not even stand upright on the ground. It had to lay in an unlady-like sprawl when it lost all of its power.
 Irenal ignored this minor inconvenience and set out from the base. The instant she dove her consciousness deeper into her mech, she felt some kind of energy passing over her mind. She shuddered a bit as a previously latent desire to kill became a little more prominent.
 "I really want to kill someone with this mech."
 Her desires became stoked and her bloodthirsty side started to gain strength. She boldly swept towards the enemy side of the battlefield and started to sweep her eyes over the light mechs that occasionally flitted past.
 Even though she immediately wanted to make an attack run, she knew that light mechs would not let themselves be caught.
 "I’ve got to find a medium or heavy mech."
 After a few minutes of circling, the area became a little more crowded with enemy mechs. She often had to swing her aerial mech away from the anti-air pointed in her direction. After she had been driven out to the periphery of the frontlines, she happened to have encountered a juicy target.
 "That’s a medium knight! He’s all alone!"
 Knights almost never moved alone. They always grouped up with at least a single ranged mech in order to cover situations just like this. Irenal grinned, and she started to see red. "Dive, my mech!"
 The Lady Death’s Heel hovered several kilometers in the air, but abruptly started descending. The lack of air resistance on the battlefield enabled the Heel to dive even faster. Despite this, the mech shook a little as its flight systems exertised its full effort into accelerating the fall.
 The knight mech’s low-quality sensors finally alerted the pilot to a potential threat from the air. Its main head swiveled towards the air and found a tiny speck closing in. The pilot of the knight started to panic.
 "An aerial mech! Damn! I thought this route was safe!"
 Due to a lack of better options, the knight pilot controlled his machine to brace itself against the grown. It knelt down on one knee and braced the enormous kite shield against its arms at an angle facing upwards.
 The pilot didn’t bother trying to dodge. His knight mech was too slow, even if it barely fell into the mediumweight classification.
 In the meantime, the more the Lady Death’s Heel dove down, the more her passion became stoked. Her heart beat faster as her anticipation ballooned to an unprecedented level. Her smile grew wider and crooked as various thoughts sprung to her mind.
 Within seconds, the Heel reached the ground. The knight mech put up a desperate struggle, not quite knowing what it faced. If it knew a little bit more about the Heel, he might have chosen to dodge or find some kind of alcove in the frozen seas.
 "Hahahaha! Death from above!"
 The collision happened instantly. Irenal underestimated the force her mech brought to bear. Even if she piloted a light mech, they still consisted of many tons of alloys and composites. Not even the thickest mech armor could withstand the power of a falling mech concentrated into a single point.
 The Heel’s pointed spike mounted on its lower body did its job. It pierced through the knight mech’s shield as if it was paper, and proceeded to dump an incredible amount of kinetic energy in its chest. The penetrative qualities of the bottom spike had instantly bumped against the chest armor of the knight, which was one of its best protected portions.
 It lasted only milliseconds before the spike ran straight through the frontal armor. Still, the armor did bleed off a decent amount of momentum, so while the spike had managed to pierce through the back, it ran out of steam at that point.
 "This.... this mech is fantastic!" Irenal exclaimed, but quickly halted her celebration when she found out the mech below her spike still showed signs of moving. It tried to grasp onto a sword that had fallen a bit away from its fingers.
 "Oh no you don’t. Your time is finished here."
 This time, Irenal remembered that her mech came with a light hammer. She raised the handle of the weapon and swung it down against the torso of the knight. She hadn’t meant to aim at anything in particular. She just wanted to wreck the sitting duck apart.
 This time, the hammer just happened to fall in front of a very sensitive area to men.
 "Yeouch! That hurt!" The other pilot cried over the open channel.
 The neural connection between pilots and mechs went both ways. If the pilot got hurt, the mech got hurt, and if the mech got hurt, the pilot received a little damage as well. In the game, this reciprocal connection was kept to a minimum in order to prevent the players from being overwhelmed by pain.
 It still felt awfully unpleasant for men to get hit down below.
 Irenal grew a little interested at the man’s extreme response. Her mech raised its hammer yet again and let it fall on the exact same spot.
 "My nuts! Stop it! Please have mercy on me!"
 The woman grinned when she heard the pleas. Ordinarily, she should have finished off her opponent and find some other prey in order to tilt the battle in the favor of her team.
 Yet some kind of urge held her back from moving on. She wanted to derive more satisfaction against the mech that her mech had mercilessly impaled onto the ground.
 The hammer rose and fell for at least a dozen times. The torso area became more dented and broken with each swing of the hammer. The knight adopted a defensive build, so its waist enjoyed a lot of protection.
 A single light hammer wielded by a light mech wouldn’t be able to break the shell with a couple of swings.
 Nevertheless, Irenal didn’t mind this at all. Instead, she began to get lost in her own world as the hammer kept banging against the mech’s lower waist. Even its engine module broke down from all of the stress and shocks. The knight could not be piloted anymore, and the entire mech turned into a greyed-out mech.
 That meant its mech pilot had forcibly logged out of the match. Anyone who left the match prematurely suffered a lot of penalties from the game. The knight pilot suffered so much redirected pain that he couldn’t take it anymore.
 "Hahahahaha!" Irenal laughed in a deranged manner as her satisfaction broke through the roof. It felt good to hammer down a man. "More!"
 Her mech lifted up into the air with difficulty. The brutal collision damaged the spike to the point where it incurred a minor mind.
 The woman cared nothing for this, and sought out another prey with gusto. She eventually found an isolated medium swordsman mech and chose to impale it from the skies.
 This time, her opponent reacted a little smarter and moved his mech into speeds. It darted along the frozen wastelands in order to make it hard for the Heel to pin it down.
 Still, despite its best efforts, Irenal succeeded in predicting its final moments. The swordsman mech became impaled upon the frozen sea. The shock to the Heel was immense, but it had been designed to withstand several of these kinds of shocks in quick suggestion. The mech wouldn’t fall apart that easily.
 The swordsman mech impaled to the ground started to struggle. It had managed to keep hold of its sword, and began to slash apart the spike that nailed it onto the surface of the moon.
 "Nuh-uh. You won’t get away from me!"
 The hammer banged down against the sword, flicking it out of the swordsman mech’s reach with a single blow.
 The subsequent hammer blows fell down onto the lower waist of the defenseless swordsman mech. Its pilot howled as Irenal went to town with his mech.
 The swordsman mech pilot quickly logged out as well, depriving her of her latest toy.
 "Oh well, it’s not like I can find a new toy to play with." She said to herself as she lifted her increasingly battered mech to the air.
 By the end of the match, she ruined five different mechs. Her mech had become one of the most prominent ones on the battlefield, and everyone who took part in the Wartorn Instance got to see a quick highlight of her actions.
 Witnessing the mech demolish five mechs in a row with the exact same brutish methods led to extreme indignation among the men.
 "Whoever designed this mech is a devil!"
 The emergence of the Lady Death’s Heel slightly disturbed the Bright Republic’s virtual mech community. The controversial mech gained notoriety as more and more women flocked to the mech.
 Mech industry insiders with nothing better to do started to investigate Crazy War Criminal’s background. His sole mech alone aroused a fair bit of attention due to its uneven design.
 The account’s identity had quickly been traced back to a nobody called Rabant Clearwater. According to the Bright Republic’s own records, the man was a Novice Mech Designer that had never joined an influence nor studied at a prestigious institution.
 This stumped those who checked his background.
 When mech designers studied the Heel’s design, they found that it contained a number of very profound traces that only very experienced Journeymen and newly advanced Seniors understood.
 "This isn’t the work of a Novice Mech Designer!"
 However, interspersed with pieces of profound design elements, most of the design adhered to the standard of a well seasoned Apprentice Mech Designer. The dichotomy of profoundness led the researchers to conclude that two different mech designers had worked on the design.
 "The lead designer must be a newly advanced Senior Mech Designer. He set the framework of the design and personally worked on detailing a number of key components. After that, his assistant performed most of the grunt work in a brief amount of time. There are too many traces of sloppiness in the design for it to be a deliberate project."
 Due to the lack of evidence, the people who investigated the design came up with an overly elaborate backstory. Crazy War Criminal was obviously a fake account that didn’t even try too hard in obscuring its dubious status. No Novice Mech Designer could design a mech of such a level.
 Instead, they considered the Lady Death’s Heel to be the product of a training exercise of some sorts. The Senior laid down the groundwork while the Apprentice had to complete the design as fast as possible.
 As for the reason why the pair decided to publish the aerial light mech design onto Iron Spirit, nobody knew. Anyone who tried to dig any further eventually reached a dead end as the people behind the account left very few traces.
 This mystery only formed a tiny interlude in the local mech community. Ves had no idea that people completely mistook second account’s identity. Instead, he prepared himself for the upcoming ritual.
 Ves first took care of some routine matters. He took care of some overdue paperwork while issuing new instructions to his subordinates in the company.
 Ever since the LMC got the new Benson production lines to work, its production capacity almost tripled overnight. The Mech Nursery pumped out three silver label Blackbeaks every two days.
 Although the increasingly experienced mech technicians could speed up their rate of production, Ves opted to control the pace and increase the level of quality control. The third party manufacturers may be able to play fast and loose with the rules, but the LMC could ill afford a scandal resulting from delivering faulty products.
 "My men can do more." Chief Cyril argued when Ves paid a visit to the fabrication floor. "If we slow down too much, the mech technicians will start to lose their edge. They won’t feel challenged anymore."
 Ves looked sympathetic at that argument, but stuck to his course. "Even if the men are willing, the machines won’t be able to keep up. Neither the Dortmund or the Benson machines are optimized for speed. Pushing them harder than now will certainly lead to errors."
 They discussed a few other practical matters as well. Ves wanted to add another testing and quality control phase at the end of the fabrication process in order to ensure that each mech truly performed up to spec.
 Chief Cyril actually approved of that. "It’s about time the company implements something like that. Almost every medium mech manufacturer tests out their mechs before they send it through their channels. It’s going to delay our delivery for at least a day or two, but our products will carry a lot more assurance to our customers."
 Setting up this kind of procedure entailed a lot changes in the company’s production cycle. Not only did they have to hire a bunch of test pilots to pilot the freshly fabricated Blackbeaks, they also had to hire the supervisors and support crew.
 The LMC also needed to clear out a large area and erect an indoor/outdoor testing ground. Without the right facilities, the test pilots wouldn’t be able to push the Blackbeaks to their limits. The supervisors also needed a lot of equipment to measure the exact performance of the mechs and catch any alarming deviations before they led to disaster.
 Ves threw the problem at Chief Cyril and Jake. "Draw 300 million credits to build up a basic testing ground. We don’t need anything too elaborate at the moment."
 With that taken care of, Ves wrapped up his work and prepared to go under for a few days. He returned to his private workshop floor and sealed it tight. Lucky followed him up until he reached his bed and laid down.
 "I’m going to be experiencing another out-of-body experience for a few days, Lucky. Just keep an eye on my body and don’t let anything come close."
 "Meow!"
 "I’m sorry, you can’t come with me. The System is already exerting a lot of its energy to transport my mind across space and time. I don’t think it can spare the effort to bring you with me."
 "Meow!" Lucky huffed and turned his tail to Ves and flew through a wall.
 Ves sighed and turned his attention to his comm. He already possessed more than enough DP to purchase another Mastery.
 Just the first tier alone cost 40,000 DP each. Ves did not even consider purchasing the second tier of Masteries at this point. His DP income wouldn’t be able to bear the expense.
 "Alright, enough stalling. Let’s get this over with."
 Ves activated the Mech Designer System and entered the Skill Tree. He navigated the all-encompassing trees until he reached the Mastery section.
 Each Mastery Sub-Skill offered Ves the precious opportunity to jump in the mind of a mech pilot.
 As someone who always prided his secrets, Ves did not feel very comfortable about sharing his mind with another person. When he acquired Knight Mech Mastery I last time, he happened to have clicked with Barley. They worked so well together that Ves looked forward to meeting the mech pilot again.
 Too bad he went missing about a decade ago.
 Ves sometimes tried to search for Barley’s whereabouts but encountered nothing. He started to suspect the System about its choice of pilots. Of all the knight pilots across time and space, why did it pick Barley of all people?
 "Can it be that the System deliberately chooses someone who won’t be around in this timeline?"
 That sounded exactly what the System might do. It would neatly avoid all the inherent paradoxes that ensued whenever someone traveled back and forth in time.
 Even with his Senior-level Physics, Ves did not wish to touch the subject of time travel for even a second. The amount of headaches and arguments that ensued from that topic alone could fill an entire galactic library.
 For example, what if his mind traveled back in time to a Vesian mech pilot who faced a Larkinson on the battlefield? And what if that Larkinson turned out to be his grandfather Benjamin when he was young?
 If the Vesian mech pilot somehow vanquished over Benjamin and killed him off, what would happen to Ves in the future? Would his father and himself still be born? Would a parallel timeline ensue the moment the System brought him back in time, or would the main timeline automatically correct itself and wipe Ves who came from the future out of existence?
 Even with all of the wonders of the galaxy, time travel proved to be one of the most elusive phenomena. As far as Ves was aware of, no person, alien or machine successfully traveled back in time.
 That did not mean that it couldn’t be done, but if some organization managed to do it, they certainly kept their mouths shut.
 Some conspiracy theorists spread out rumors that their current timeline had been skewed out of its original trajectory through the constant meddling of time-traveling agents. A lot of popular dramas revolved around this premise, but everyone dismissed the possibility out of hand.
 Ves did not know if he could dismiss the possibility as well. Unlike nearly everyone else, he knew that time travel was definitely possible. He experienced it himself!
 From his experienced with Barley alone, he knew that what he influenced in the past would definitely reverberate back to the future.
 Before Ves embarked on his next Mastery, he thought about making use of this circumstance. After all, traveling back in time was an extremely rare opportunity to influence the past and correct someone’s mistake.
 He thought about trying to send a message to himself when he was young. The one thing that Ves had always regretted that he fell into a rut once his mother ostensibly died. He turned into a living zombie who wasted his remaining youth and hardly applied himself in school.
 If he got some sort of reality check back then, he might have been able to focus on his studies well enough to attend an upscale institution such as the Leemar Institute of Technology.
 "Even if it’s possible, should I even do such a thing?"
 What would happen to Ves if he induced a major change in his past? Would Ves still be the same Ves, or would he turn into another ’Ves’? What happened when Ves returned to the present timeline. Would he remain the old Ves, or turn into the new ’Ves’?
 "What a headache."
 His Senior-level Physics taught him a lot about how to improve the components of a mech, but it taught him nothing about the fields that fell outside of this scope. He still didn’t know how an FTL drive worked, let alone figuring out the secrets to time travel.
 The only way he could become proficient in those fields was to study them by himself. With his superhuman Intelligence, it wouldn’t even take him very long to gain a shallow proficiency in those fields.
 "Much of the galaxy revolves around starships. It’s useful for me to understand some of the engineering related to these vessels."
 Ves always admired the interstellar craft that brought humanity to the stars. However, it always took an extreme amount of learning to become slightly familiar with their systems.
 In general, mech designers stayed out of the way of ship designers, and vica versa. Neither occupations spared enough energy to branch out in the other one.
 The time that Ves spent on studying starships could have been spent on deepening his knowledge on mechs. In the end, it wasn’t beneficial for Ves to allocate more than a couple of hours of spare time to become familiar with ships.
 "I can do something about that later. Right now, I have another Mastery to experience."
 Ves found the relevant Sub-Skill in the Skill Tree and tapped it with his finger to purchase it. The System instantly deducted 40,000 DP from his account.
 [Rifleman Mech Mastery I]
 Five.
 The System counted down the time. Ves breathed deeply and tried to lay comfortably in his bed. His body would be undergoing stasis while his mind left his body, so Ves did not worry too much about his body’’s health.
 Four.
 Ves hoped the System would pick an entirely different type of mech pilot this time. Barley had been a rather stodgy knight pilot who bought into the whole pomp and circumstance about knights. Ves hoped to experience a more daring pilot who thought offensively instead of defensively.
 Three.
 "Hopefully the System won’t pick a woman this time."
 While he had nothing against women, Ves did not wish to deal with a cranky host and make her feel uncomfortable about hosting a male mind.
 Two.
 On the other hand, experiencing a female’s perspective on piloting mech would also enrich him in many other ways. Female mech pilots possessed different habits and concerns, and if Ves became familiar with their gripes, he could make his mechs more compatible with women, who made up around thirty percent of all mech pilots.
 One.
 A suction force pulled his consciousness from his head and carried it along an incomprehensible tunnel that warped through time and space.
 After an indeterminate moment of time, his consciousness forcefully entered the mind of a mech pilot at a different time and space.
 Thankfully or regretfully, Ves ended up in the mind of another man. The only problem was that the mech pilot currently fought against an overwhelming force of enemy mechs.
 The entry of a new consciousness momentarily disrupted the mech pilot’s concentration, and an explosive shell impacted against his rifleman mech, knocking down while heavily damaging its chest plate.
 "Get up!"
 Ves ended up in the middle of a battlefield on a terrestrial Earth-like planet. Ves looked around the view screens of the cockpit and noted that the battle took place at a fortified military base placed in some kind of mountainous region that made it difficult for landbound mechs to approach.
 However, no terrain could truly stop a mech from ascending up a mountain. The enemy mechs carried modular mountaineering equipment that allowed them to scale the mountains with a bit of effort.
 In addition to the threat from below, a large amount of aerial mechs systematically harassed the base from the air. While the defenders possessed a lot of anti-air, the sheer numbers arrayed against them slowly overwhelmed these weapon emplacements.
 "Get up!" Ves mentally shouted at the consciousness of his current host. "Alven, your comrades are dying! The base is about to be overrun! Your god demands you to fight!"
 That brought the man named Alven Callisto out of his daze. A surge of duty, devotion and fury swelled in his mind as he dove back into his mech.
 The damaged rifleman mech climbed back up to its feet and resumed firing its laser rifle at the approaching waves of enemy mechs.
 While Alven got back on track, Ves took the opportunity to study his current circumstances. The battle took place on Rilrod, a planet ruled by the Holy Dominion of Apellix, a third-rate state from the Rolling Wind Star Sector.
 Ves had never heard of this particular star sector, but that wasn’t anything strange, as the galaxy was divided into many millions of star sectors. The Rolling Wind Star Sector actually fell within the range of the galactic heartland. This meant that the level of development was a lot more prosperous than in the galactic rim.
 When Ves studied the mechs around him, he realized their prowess surpassed the third-class mechs used by states such as the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom. The mechs actually fell within the range of second-class mechs, which was nothing unusual for a third-rate state in the galactic heartland.
 "There is so much wealth laying around here that any casual state can arm their mech forces with second-class mechs!"
 "What was that?" Alven asked.
 "Nothing! Keep fighting!"
 Ves still had to figure out his own situation before he could offer any assistance to his temporary partner. Now that he got a sense of where this battle took place, he tried to figure out how far back in time he traveled.
 He quickly read the details from Alven’s mind. His metaphorical eyes widened as he realized he traveled twenty-five years ago! That was much closer to the present!
 This made it easier for Ves to apply his current knowledge, but it also made it harder for him to analyze the mechs being used at this time period. Most of the mechs used in this conflict consisted of machines from at least two generations back.
 Ves possessed a fair amount of experience with lastgen mechs, but he did not study the generation before that too closely. Still, if nothing else, he could make up this deficiency along the way.
 When he dove into the background of the war in question, he found out that it was actually a civil war. The Holy Dominion of Apellix worshiped a god predictably called Apellix. The religion had been founded by a charismatic leader that founded the state more than a millenia ago.
 Naturally, the leader proclaimed himself and his progeny to be descended from Apellix. Thereby, his bloodline enjoyed a supreme status in the Dominion.
 To an outsider like Ves, the Dominion’s history sounded like one giant scam. Inventing your own religion to justify your special privileges was the oldest trick in the book. A fair number of delusional founders turned to religion to solidify their rule.
 When Ves peeked at Alven’s mind, he found to his regret that the mech pilot was a full-throated orthodox believer in the Church of Apellix. The man had been indoctrinated to believe in the divinity of Apellix to the point where outsiders like Ves would receive a punch in the face if they tried to tell them that they’d been lied to all their lives.
 "This is a thorny problem."
 Even worse, Alven fought on behalf of the increasingly corrupt Sunstar Dynasty descended from the original founder of the state and church. Each subsequent generation took the power bestowed upon them by a mass of brainwashed sheep for granted. The Holy Dominion grew more oppressive over time,
 The current generation of the Sunstar Dynasty regularly indulged in pleasure and often extorted the citizens of the Dominion of their wealth.
 Even if the citizens all believed in Apellix, they could only handle so much abuse.
 Tensions boiled over in the past couple of years and the Church split into two. The so-called Reformers claimed to be the true believers of Apelllix. The rebel leaders proclaimed that he received a divine mandate of their god to cleanse the Sunstar Dynasty from the galaxy.
 No matter if they spoke the truth, their message resonated among the oppressed. More than half of the Dominion immediately swung over to the rebels, leaving the Sunstar Dynasty in control of a couple of important star systems around the capital.
 The planet Rilrod formed a vital part of the loyalists to the Dynasty. This planet contained a lot of advanced factories that produced a lot of mechs each day. It was the non-port system equivalent of Bentheim, and whoever possessed it would gain a decisive advantage in this civil war.
 "Alven! Your mech is too damaged! You can’t fight on!"
 "Don’t distract me, spirit!"
 Alven shook his head and tried to focus on the fight. His mech jerkily ran back and forth along the mech-sized wall that surrounded the immense military base.
 The wall already started crumbling from the sheer weight of fire being thrown in its way. A group of heavy artillery mechs stationed behind a hill constantly shelled the base and its walls with high explosive shells.
 If one of those shells hit the Firerunner mech that Alven piloted, Ves could kiss his Mastery experience goodbye.
 Still, the mech functioned pretty well even after having all of its chest armor stripped. As Ves studied its design, he became increasingly awed at its well-optimized design. This mech made full use of its materials and squeezed out every bit of performance hidden in the frame.
 As the name suggested, the Firerunner excelled in speed and mobility. It possessed a fairly high top speed for a rifleman mech at the cost of not being able to change its course as fast. This was a normal tradeoff, and Alven already possessed sufficient training to modulate his speed according to the situation at hand.
 Currently, Alven weaved the Firerunner in a wave-like motion, dodging most of the fire sent in its way. The wall blocked most of the projectiles, allowing Alven to face much fewer attacks than he should have.
 Still, the damage and stress sustained by the Firerunner deeply worried Ves. "Your mech is heavily damaged. The power reactor’s compartment has been breached. I estimate this mech will only function without problems for about ten minutes or less. You’ve got to pull back within that time!"
 "What nonsense are you speaking about, spirit! Get out of my head!"
 "I’m not some random spirit! I’m a mech designer!"
 "What fart are you good for?!"
 "I’m from the future! Just read what’s on my mind!"
 "I don’t have time for this nonsense! The priest will expel you later!"
 Ves faced a thorny issue. His host didn’t care about his presence and wanted him to go. Obviously, Ves did not wish to leave so soon. He was constantly absorbing Alven’s experiences as he struggled to fend off the overwhelming waves of rebel mechs.
 Even though he warned Alven that the Firerunner wouldn’t last, the mech pilot seemed determined to fight to the end.
 Although Ves admired Alven’s determination to fight, he did not wish to go down with the ship. He turned his attention to the enemy mechs that assaulted the base.
 Most of them consisted of rifleman mechs. A handful of knights and other melee mechs acted as their meatshields. The melee mechs even put away their weapons in order to carry thick temporary shields meant for sieging.
 Alven’s laser rifle fared very poorly against these hastily fabricated slabs of alloys. Ves could tell that the temporary shields mostly consisted of a mix of mundane metals and junk exotics. They possessed no merit other than their thickness. This slowed down the mechs that carried them to a crawl, but that hardly mattered up to this point.
 "You’re going at it the wrong way!" Ves argued Alven. "Even at your rifle’s highest power setting, you can hardly burn a hole through those alloys. It’s too thick!"
 Alven let out a frustrated growl. He’d been fighting against these shields over an hour, and pretty much all of his laser beams had been neutralized by this awesome defense.
 "Then what do you suggest I do!?"
 Ves thought about it for a moment. It was easy to point out a mistake, but hard to come up with a solution.
 Still, Ves came up with something that stood a decent chance of working, but he needed Alven’s cooperation.
 "Give me control over your body for a moment. I need to reprogram your laser rifle."
 "What?! Never! Begone, you demon! Go back to your pathetic rebellious masters!"
 Ves wanted to curse this impenetrable fool. Couldn’t he tell that Ves only wanted the best for Alven?
 "I’m not part of the rebellion and I’m not some kind of demon! I’m just a mech designer who happened to land within your mind! I never even heard about the Rolling Wind Star Sector in my life. I don’t have a stake in this fight!"
 "Don’t bluster me with your lies, demon! I know what you are! Continue to spout your lies! It will do nothing to shake me from my faith! For the Sunstars! For Apellix!"
 Alven’s lust for battle grew superheated and he started to take unreasonable risks to get around the heavy shields of his opponents. A couple of times, his Firerunner narrowly escaped death in an attempt to take down the enemy mechs behind the shield.
 The situation didn’t look so good. The rebels eventually wore out their shields, but they brought out a lot of spares. This pretty much negated the defensive advantage of the defenders. Added with the numerical advantage of the attackers, Alven’s situation did not seem so good.
 Ten minutes eventually went by and the Firerunner’s systems started issuing a lot of alarms.
 "Your mech won’t last another minute! Eject!"
 "No! My faith is strong! The Sunstars shine upon me even now! I can feel it!"
 Ves wanted to strangle this stubborn suicidal idiot. This religious nut threatened to cut his precious Mastery experience short, effectively wasting much of his 40,000 DP. He couldn’t afford to let Alven die so soon.
 If persuasion didn’t work, what about coercion?
 He never thought about using force against an uncooperative partner. He hit it off with Barley immediately last time, so he never thought about ending up in a situation like this. Ves started to think up some ideas on how to pressure Alven into doing what he wanted.
 He took inspiration from the conflict between the images he regularly conjured up for his mech. He particularly took note of the fight between the crystal leader’s spiritual remnant and the other two images arrayed against it. What mattered the most in that fight was that the remnant possessed a lot more strength than its opposition.
 Ves tried to compare his strength against Alven’s and found to his suprise that his mentality was a lot firmer than his host.
 "I might be able to pull something off."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 He did not wish to kill Alven, nor assimilate the mech pilot into his own mind. Ves only needed to threaten the obstinate pilot a couple of times to get it to do what he wanted.
 "Since you’re a religious nut, then don’t blame me for using your beliefs against you."
 If Alven believed that Ves was a demon, then he would act like a demon.
 Back in the present time, the body of Ves quietly slept on the bed inside the underground private workshop floor. Rather than describe it as sleeping, it had actually been put in a form of stasis, allowing the body to remain healthy even as it did nothing.
 Lucky whisked inside the bedroom after doing who-knew-what. The cat missed his owner’s touch and meowed softly at the sleeping body.
 "Meow."
 It was as if Lucky asked when his owner would wake up and pet his head again. After receiving no response, the mechanical cat climbed next to Ves and looked down at his sleeping face.
 That face suddenly woke up and broke the stasis put on the body. The eyes whizzed and wirled back and forth before focusing on Lucky’s extremely close head.
 "Meow!"
 That was fast! Why did his owner wake up so fast?
 Ves hacked open his mouth for a cough. And another. And another. A strange sound escaped from his mouth as he tried and failed to take control of voice.
 After a moment, he gave up and tried to move his limbs instead. He slowly climbed up to a seated position on his bed and jerkily moved his limbs before his eyes.
 Lucky stared at Ves and started to feel apprehensive. He bumped one of his paws against Ves, only to elicit not a single scratch or pet from Ves.
 "Meow?"
 After a moment of contemplation, Ves stood up and took a step forward, only to stumble and drop down on the floor in a painful heap. He hacked open his mouth and strange sounds escaped from his throat that vaguely sounded like frustrated cries.
 As Ves attempted to regain control of his faculties, Lucky stared at his body with bewilderment. After a moment, the cat’s eyes narrowed into slits.
 This wasn’t Ves!
 In truth, as the System sent the consciousness of Ves out of his body and back in time and space, something else remained inside his mind.
 Ves completely forgot about what would happen to the living image of the crystal golem in his absence. The System only brought Ves away, leaving the crystal golem inside the empty and defenseless castle of his body.
 After the crystal golem noticed the absence of Ves, it reached out in the empty mind and slowly took on the role of the main consciousness of the body. Its strong mind slowly connected to each and every bodily function until it had completely supplanted Ves as the primary mind of the body.
 Although a lot of incompatibility still existed, the crystal golem effectively possessed the body that had been begging to be taken over.
 Although the crystal golem lacked the experience to control a human body, it still possessed the capacity to learn. Over the course of several hours, the crystal golem became increasingly proficient at controlling the human body. It became satisfied once its movements rivaled a four year old child.
 "I.. I.. am..."
 Lucky kept a close eye on his unfamiliar owner atop a cabinet. The only reason why he hadn’t attacked the stranger was because the body belonged to Ves. His tail swished predatorily behind his hind body. The cat would only attack if his owner’s body attempted to harm itself or leave this this floor.
 As for the crystal golem, it tried to recall its name, only to come up empty. Its original spiritual remnant had long forgotten the name of the entity it was part of. As for the crystal golem’s current state, it was a completely new life form that only shared a loose relationship with its former identity.
 The crystal golem needed its own name. "I... am... Feraxneel."
 Somehow, the word rang true within the crystal golem’s spirit. It was not the name of its former identity, but the word stood for something powerful for the alien race it used to be a part of. No matter the meaning of the name, Feraxneel felt proud to carry this name.
 Feraxneel explored the floor but didn’t manage to unlock the security features that blocked its access to the elevators. The possessed body gave up on leaving the floor and stumbled towards the labs, where it found a number of incomplete crystals inside a couple of lab machines.
 The body’s eyes gleamed as it beheld these crystals. Some part deep inside the crystal golem’s consciousness thought they possessed a lot more potential.
 As Feraxneel beheld the crystals, back at the Rolling Wind Star Sector, Ves just ran out of patience with Alven.
 Even if the mech pilot was ready to lay down his life for his beliefs, Ves still needed to experience more to make this trip worth the DP he invested in it. His consciousness began to take on a menacing aura before it nipped at Alven’s unsuspecting spirit.
 Ves immediately pierced through Alven’s feeble barriers and began to mess around. This caused the mech pilot to cry out in pain and instinctively pulled back with his mech.
 "Your Firerunner won’t last much longer! Eject now!"
 "Never! Get out of my head, demon!"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 "Keep up your stubborn ways and I’ll eat your entire spirit! Your soul will never be able to go back to Apellix when you die!"
 That scared Alven more than anything. He wasn’t eager to die, but he believed he fought for a righteous cause. If the demon in his mind devoured his soul before it could return to the heavenly kingdom, then where would that leave him in his afterlife?
 "You evil creature." He hissed and made a quick judgment.
 Even as the console of his mech blared in alarm, Alvern still hesitated on the decision to eject. His hand hovered over the lever that would pull the entire cockpit module away from the rest of the frame.
 Ves noticed his host’s hesitation and lost patience. He attacked Alven’s spirit once again but this time aimed to take control over his motor functions. He briefly took control over Alvern’s arm and pulled the lever in the mech pilot’s stead.
 Even though Alven quickly regained control over his rebellious limb, he could do nothing about the fact that his cockpit lifted out of Firerunner and flew back to the center of the base. Anti-air defenses swept the vulnerable cockpit but recognized it as a friendly. A short moment later, the cockpit reached a designated landing ground filled with dozens of discarded cockpits.
 Alven gritted his teeth as he slammed open the upper hatch. He climbed out of his smoking cockpit and sprinted towards the nearest mech stables.
 Along the way, a couple of servicemen checked him over.
 "Halt! Identify yourself!"
 "Alven Callisto, of the Puritan Warriors."
 One of the guards checked his credentials and confirmed his identity. "Here you go, pilot. Head over to building 5A4-3. A spare mech is waiting for you there."
 "Roger that!"
 Alven stepped on a small floating platform that swiftly crossed the courtyard and brought him out where he heard the rumbling of explosive shells and the saw the flashes of frequent laser fire in the distance.
 Even as looked forward to getting back in the battle, his mind turned inward. Alven regarded the alien presence that entered his mind with an extremely wary attitude.
 "Why are you here, demon? Can’t you possess someone else’s mind."
 Ves chuckled and tried to act as demonic as possible. "Since you saw through my facade, let me tell you what I am. I am a mech demon."
 "A mech demon?!"
 Whatever Alven thought of Ves, he had never heard of mech demons.
 "Yes, a mech demon, but I’m not what you think. I’m summoned by the Sunstar Dynasty to help you resist the rebels."
 Alven’s eyes widened and he stumbled on top of the floating platform. "You... you... the Sunstar Dynasty would never consort with demons!"
 "It is the truth. Do you really think you loyalists can insist against the overwhelming assault?"
 "Reinforcements are on the way! The base commander told us that we only had to hold out for a few more hours!"
 Ves mentally shook his head. "You dunce. Even Apellix himself won’t believe those words. If reinforcements was on the way, the rebels would have been much more discrete. What I’m seeing so far is an enemy force that’s so confident in their strength that they can batter every reinforcing troop into pieces."
 Although Ves made a good argument, Alven shook off the words as an attempt to sway his will to fight. "I will fight to defend the Sunstar Dynasty even if the entire galaxy is arrayed against me!"
 Ves sensed the conviction in those words. This Alven was a true believer through and through, which gave Ves very few options to prod Alven to his desired course of action. All he wanted was to keep this idiot alive despite his wish to throw away his life.
 He kept himself mum as Alven reached the mech stables. The structure sustained a fair amount of bombardment. A quarter of its stables had completely collapsed under the weight of fire, which gave the servicemen and mech technicians a lot of trouble keeping the remainder intact.
 Alven reported for duty at the duty station, whereupon a frazzled officer assigned him another Firerunner.
 "You’re a lucky man, Mr. Callisto. This is the last intact Firerunner in our stables. It’s a well-used mech, so keep in mind that it won’t perform up to spec."
 "That’s not a problem, sir! As long as it can fight, I’m fine with anything!"
 Once Alven reached the Firerunner, his platform lifted him up until he could jump inside the open cockpit. The mech pilot seated himself before bringing the mech online.
 The rifleman mech booted up within a minute. Once Alven gained full control over the mech, he drove it out of the stables and went to a nearby weapon rack where it grabbed a random laser rifle.
 After that, Alven received his next assignment. His job was to reinforce the southwestern wall where the fighting was the heaviest. The rebels enjoyed much more favorable terrain there. The large amounts of crags and hills gave them a lot of natural cover against direct fire.
 Even though Alven hadn’t entered battle again, Ves still soaked up the mech pilot’s actions like a sponge. He only learned a fair bit about operating a rifleman mech in the earlier battle, but the situation back then had been too chaotic for him to make sense.
 This relatively uneventful transit provided him with a good baseline on what to expect. Ves already noted that Alven wielded his laser rifle in a way that would let him bring it to bear really fast. A rifleman mech pilot was always ready to shoot.
 "I’m here!" Alven declared as his Firerunner finally reached the broken and fragmented fortifications next to the crumbled southwestern walls.
 He wasn’t the only mech to reinforce the position. A large amount of defending mechs littered the walls, having tried and failed to hold back the rebels intent on conquering the base.
 "Hey! Newbies! Cover us with your rifles!"
 Alven obeyed the nameless captain’s words and moved to reinforce a heavily battered elite unit of mechs. The rebels outnumbered the defenders at least three-to-one, which meant that the mech pilot immediately landed himself in a precarious situation.
 Ves couldn’t stay in the background and do nothing. He constantly observed the enemy mechs as they continued to hide behind the thick shields held aloft by various melee mechs.
 He knew that if he wanted this battle to turn out to be something else than a massacre, he had to figure out a solution against those incredibly sturdy shields.
 The entire loyalist force failed to come up with a solution against those thick shields. While Ves knew how difficult it was to figure out a magic solution, he still had to try.
 He entered a deeply analytical state as he combined his visual observation with the scans taken by the Firerunner. He approximated the shield’s material composition and tried to dig through his extensive base of knowledge for a way to exploit these materials.
 "I got it! Those shields are brittle when subjected to extreme cold!"
 No material was completely impervious to every type of damage. The shields used by the rebels consisted of a large amount of fairly cheap materials in order to mass produce them to arm every melee mech that took part in this assault. With such low quality materials, it was inevitable that a major flaw would persist in the alloy shields.
 "Alven! Find a cryo weapon! Find a way to freeze the shields!"
 Alven had no reason to respond to the demon. Why would he believe in the malignant demon’s lies.
 "Begone with you, demon! My faith in Apellix is the only aid I need to beat these rebels!"
 Ves truly tired of those perfunctory displays of faith. The worst thing about them was that Alven wasn’t hypocritical when he said those words.
 "Your faith is doing well so far, has it? I’m sure you can outfaith your opponents, but what does that matter if your side is outnumbered by at least three-to-one?"
 Short of an intervention by Apellix himself, the battle was as good as lost. Even a bystander like Ves could see that. He tried to broadcast his cold and brutal analysis of the situation to Alven.
 The truth hurt much more than any threat spoken by a demon.
 Ves showed Alven the dire state of the walls. He showed the pilot the dwindling number of defenders, the lack of reserves, and the excellent state of the attacking mechs.
 "This can’t be true!" Alven cried out. "The true Dominion never loses!"
 If facts didn’t work, perhaps another attack on his spirit worked better.
 Ves invaded Alven’s core and inflicted some mental damage. This caused Alven to lose control of his Firerunner, which almost caused it to hit a shell in the face!
 "I’ll keep doing this until you listen!"
 Alven’s resolve weakened a little. "What do I need to do?"
 The Dominion pilot hated listening to a demon, even though it pretended to help. Still, if the Sunstar Dynasty summoned the demon themselves, then it probably wouldn’t eat his soul.
 The defense at the southwestern wall started to falter as fewer reinforcements came to shore them up. The rebel mechs had lost a fair amount of mechs in their offensive push, but they were on the verge of creating a breach.
 Ves urged Alven to pull back his mech and head towards the nearest supply point. The Firerunner left the wall to the indignation of the loyalists officers, but neither Ves nor Alven cared for their opinions.
 The Firerunner navigated the debris and craters until it arrived at the closest depot.
 "Grab a fire hose. The grey one. That’s the cryo projector."
 With all the complicated materials being used these days, some of them easily caught fire. Bases genetally hosted different extinguishing solutions, one of which happened to be a cryo projector that drastically lowered the temperature of any material.
 Cryo projectors weren’t available in the galactic rim. Even in the heartland, cryo projectors still used up too much bulk to be used as an independent weapon system for mechs.
 Besides, most mechs possessed strong resistance against frost due to the extreme environmental conditions they might be subjected to. This pretty much relegated these kinds of projectors solely for firefighting.
 "Grab a hose and point it at an enemy shield formation."
 Though Alven still held plenty of doubts, he did as he was asked and grabbed a projector. The hose automatically extended itself from a socket as Alven ran back towards the half-collapsed walls.
 "Which setting should I use?"
 "Use a concentrated stream. It will take a while for the temperature changes go set in. Aim for the middle of their shields."
 Alven proceeded to approach the enemy lines and hosed down the thickest concentration of mechs.
 The rebel pilots momentarily panicked before getting back their senses. Why would their shields be vulnerable to being frozen? It hadn’t failed them so far.
 "It takes a while for the changes to settle in. Blast each shield for around eight seconds. That should be sufficient to wreck them over time."
 Soon after, the frozen shields started to crack. As the remaining defenders shot their weapons at the enemy mechs, only to be stopped by the oversized and incredibly thick shields, the slabs of alloys started to crack.
 One shield even caved in when shot by a railgun!
 Both sides quickly caught on what had happened.
 "This is a miracle! Hahahaha! Apellix hasn’t abandoned his children in their greatest crisis!"
 "Kill the mech with the cryo projector!"
 "Protect Callisto’s mech! Fifth squad, pull back and grab more cryo projectors. I’ll inform command of what’s happened!"
 Alven’s action started a remarkable change on the battlefield. Mechs started grabbing every availanle cryo projector in the base and began to howe down the shields one by one.
 The agressors faced an unexpected setback. The rebel mech designer in charge of fabricating the shield even slammed his table back at the rebels’ main stronghold on Rilrod.
 "The loyalists still have a competent mech designer among them! I thought every Senior and Master has defected to us!"
 Another mech designer standing next to him rubbed his chin. "Interesting. All the other elder mech designers in the Dominion are accounted for. Maybe the Sunstar Dynasty managed to hire a guest designer."
 "Hmph. Whoever dares to intervene in our revolution will go down with the Sunstars. A single decent mech designer won’t save their base from being conquered."
 The rebel-aligned mech designers did not speak nonsense. Even after neutralizing most of the shields, the loyalists were still in a precarious situation.
 Ves privately made the same judgement as he piggybacked behind Alven’s mind as he frantically tried to freeze as many enemy shields as possible.
 Eventually, he realized that this base wouldn’t last a day. Alven had no chance of surviving past this day. Even if he did the unthinkable and surrendered, the rebels wouldn’t take him prisoner.
 Wars between religious groups often turned out to be the bloodiest.
 The realities of this situation forced Ves to reevaluate his strategy. He already harvested a little bit more of Alven’s experience in maneuvering his mech. He only missed out on the most important bit, which was observing him when he fired his laser rifle.
 After making a decision, Ves choose an opportune moment to interrupt Alven by making another attempt at invading his Spirit.
 "Agh!"
 Ves happened to have interrupted Alven at the same time the attackers shot apart his cryo projector. The damaged nozzle spewed out an uncontrollable spray of freezing liquids and gasses before the connection forcefully shut off.
 "Are you trying to kill me, demon?! Oh wait, of course you are!"
 "Stop whining and get back to shooting!"
 Since every other cryo projector was in use, Alven went back to wielding his laser rifle. Ves closely studied Alven’s thought processes and instincts as he dove from cover to cover, relying on his Firerunner’s mobility to avoid getting pinned down.
 The broken walls and the increasing accumulation of rubble, mech wrecks and debris made it harder for the Firerunner to take advantage of its relatively high top speed. It was not the most agile mech by far, and often Alven had to rely on various tricks to get around an obstacle in the way.
 "Still, the fluid manner in which Alven navigated the increasingly crowded battlefield gave Ves a lot of insight on what really mattered to a rifleman mech. Alven’s proficient use of the Firerunner illustrated that having a high level of agility was not necessary to avoid enemy attacks.
 Rather, running fast enough while performing minor changes in velocity and direction proved to be sufficient to throw off the aim of any enemy mech that targeted Alven’s mech.
 Of course, skill and fervor only brought him so far. His Firerunner regularly got hit by glancing shots that Alven failed to dodge in the nick of time. Ves mentally frowned again. At this rate, the Firerunner would be chewed up before Alven could reveal all of his piloting skill.
 Ves quickly analyzed the enemy mechs and tried to figure out their weaknesses.
 "Those red railgunners pack a punch, but they run out of projectiles rather fast. Just stay away from them while they focus their fire on you."
 "The laser rifleman mechs draw much of their power from the modular backpack module. If you can manage to damage the backpack’s integrity, a lot of failsafes will set in, disabling the extra power source entirely."
 "Don’t bother trying to wear down their knights. Those models are built to withstand lasers. Leave them to the railgunners."
 One major difference between the galactic heartland and the galactic rim was that railguns supplanted the role of ballistic rifles entirely. Though they lacked in versatility, they more than made up for it in sheer power. The ability to send out a huge kinetic impact was extremely useful in breaking apart the enemy’s trutleshells.
 Alven intensely disliked Ves. He outright ignored the sensible advice and stuck to his old ways. This frustrated Ves to no end and forced him to teach another lesson to Alven’s spirit.
 "AAHHH! That hurts!"
 The forceful invasion unsettled Alven and disrupted his fighting pattern. The Firerunner stumbled again and attracted a lot of enemy firepower for a moment.
 "Listen to me or suffer!"
 "Evil! You’re pure evil!"
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 Ves needed to prod Alven several times in order for him to follow his suggestions. His battle performance instantly improved by a significant margin. Despite this success, Alven thought that Ves had performed some demonic witchcraft to accomplish such a result.
 Alven became crazed from the pressure exerted by the demon. Somehow, Alven became a rabid dog, and channeled nothing but his instincts and the core of his training to resist the relentless rebels that sought to overrun the southwestern walls.
 Much of the reason why Alven fought so hard was because Ves learned how to manipulate his spirit. As he became more familiar with spiritual attacks, he realized he could do something else than inflict pain.
 "It’s much like assimilation, but instead of taking over his entire spirit, I can choose to affect a couple of aspects."
 Even though his attacks looked crude and did a lot more damage than necessary, Ves enjoyed a strong advantage over Alven in terms of mental strength. This left the mech pilot helpless.
 If not for being in a position of control, Ves would have gotten spooked that such a thing was even possible, although he doubted a lot of humans could perform such an attack. Only through extremely special circumstances did Ves end up in Alven’s mind.
 "Callisto!" A loyalist officer barked over the comm. "This is no time for heroics! You are disrupting our defensive lines! Fall back to the inner defense lines!"
 The gratuitous mental damage inflicted by Ves caused Alven to disregard the order. Ves had to prod Alven yet again in order to turn around.
 Ves noticed that the more he intervened, the less Alven became capable of thinking rationally. By now, he’d gone halfway feral. He fought on mostly through instinct and training. While that helped Ves understand the most important skills to rifleman mech pilots, he did not wish for Alven to die so soon.
 He decided to do something drastic. He wanted to take over Alven’s mind entirely.
 The action came with a lot of risk, but as long as he did not completely assimilate Alven’s damaged mind, then the act would still be reversible. Ves had no intention of taking over a religious nut’s mind.
 After deciding on his course of action, Ves practically swarmed over Alven’s mind. His previous attacks wore out the mech pilot’s defenses, so he could offer no substantial opposition to the takeover.
 Alven screamed and instinctively pulled back. His Firerunner went from fighting a pitched battle to fleeing as fast as possible. The remaining loyalists all looked at Alven’s mech like it had gone mad, but they quickly turned their attention back to the attacking mechs.
 If Ves had to describe his takeover, he would say that his mind turned into a blanket that covered Alven’s most essential elements of self. They represented his consciousness and formed the main control center of his body and mind.
 When Ves covered himself over those elements, Ves effectively captured Alven’s consciousness and hijacked its connection to Alven’s body and mind. For a brief period of time, Ves was Alven.
 A flood of information streamed into his mind, but Ves blocked most of it, only letting the purest piloting instincts go through.
 "Let’s see if I can pilot a mech this way."
 When Ves gained sufficient control over the process, he attempted to interface with the Firerunner.
 "AAAAHH!"
 Alven cried out in pain yet again, but this time it was Ves who suffered the brunt. The neural interface might have connected with Alven’s brains, but it was Ves who attempted to connect with the mech, not the original consciousness.
 Ves thought to circumvent his inability to pilot a mech by hijacking Alven’s body and mind, but it seemed that things weren’t so simple.
 The pain caused Ves to eject from Alven’s spirit. His own spirit sustained a moderate amount of damage as well, and he was in no shape to make another attack. Not that it mattered, because Alven’s mind received so many shocks he effectively turned into an idiot.
 Without any active control, the Firerunner collapsed. This turned it into a sitting duck and a magnet for enemy fire. Less than thirty seconds later, the mech blew up.
 When the Firerunner blew up, some force grabbed Ves’ consciousness and pulled him back to his present time and space.
 His mind came back online in his own body, but he felt an enormous amount of fatigue. The brief but intense ordeal on Rilrod severely taxed his spirit.
 As he took a brief rest, he looked around and found to his alarm that his body hadn’t woken up in his bed. Instead, his body somehow ended up in the lab!
 Ves jumped off the chair and looked around for anyone who could have moved his body here. "Who’s there! What did you do to me?"
 The only thing that greeted him was a bemused Lucky. The gem cat meowed at him as if he was relieved that Ves had returned to his senses.
 Ves looked back at the lab machine and found to his surprise that it looked a lot different from when he previously left it. The most important change was that a strange cube the size of his palm rested in the lab machine.
 Last he recalled, he only left a tiny crystal the size of a thumb in the machine!
 The clues painted a rather unsettling picture. Ves turned his attention inward and regarded the crystal golem that temporarily resided in his mind.
 "Did you take over my body?"
 The reconstructed spirit flashed some sort of emotion. Ves thought he sensed satisfaction from the imaginary entity.
 "You did, didn’t you?!"
 Even if he knew, it was not as if Ves could do anything about it. Despite the crystal golem’s unorthodox birth, its strength of spirit was still incomparably pure. Ves wasn’t sure he could overpower the spirit in a mental battle.
 He left the crystal golem alone and beheld the strange crystal cube. He tentatively picked it up and studied it from all sides. He detected nothing unique about the crystal, but the matter probably wasn’t so simple. He whipped out his Vulcaneye and made a quick scan.
 The multiscanner spat out a bunch of dense readings. Ves only took a second to interpret the data. An enormous amount of miniature circuits had been packed inside the crystal cube!
 That almost caused Ves to drop the scanner. What had the crystal golem been up to? Why did he create this cube? What did the circuits do?
 He recalled the crystal city’s ability to harness light and briefly suspected the cube to be some sort of weapons interface. However, the circuits in the crystal cube did not match the circuits of the crystal spires.
 Seeing as the crystal cube was inert, Ves felt disinclined to study it further. "I’m severely behind schedule in designing my rifleman mech. I can’t afford to waste any time on fanciful alien technology."
 His most recent Mastery still stayed fresh on his memory. Ves wanted to leverage his experiences into elevating his second original design as fast as possible before the details became vague.
 Thus, after making a brief decision, Ves entered the elevator and went down to the restricted vault. He deposited the strange crystal cube in one of the lockboxes and left it there for later.
 After that, he returned to his private workshop floor and freshened up before putting himself in his best condition. He thought back on his experience with Alven and found that it was a shame the experience ended too soon.
 "I don’t know why the System chose to partner me up with an obstinate fellow like him. Even if he wasn’t a religious nut, he was already doomed to die that day."
 He couldn’t help but add a mental complaint to the System. Why put him in a hopeless situation where defeat was imminent? Couldn’t it have given Ves more time to absorb some experiences?
 Fortunately for Ves, he already went through a Mastery before. His time with Barley taught him a lot of general knowledge around piloting that was applicable to any kind of mech.
 Armed with this foreknowledge, Ves skipped much of the things he learned before and could devote his full effort into deciphering and understanding the experiences that specifically pertained to rifleman mechs.
 "It’s barely enough."
 To be honest, Ves truly felt he got the short end of the stick this time. Even leaving out the common elements, his harvest disappointed him somewhat. Still, he had to work with what he got.
 "No matter what, I’m still a better mech designer than before."
 Just to make sure he hadn’t hallucinated the entire trip, Ves looked up the Rolling Wind Star Sector on the galactic net.
 "It actually exists! It also has the Holy Dominion of Apellix!"
 He quickly browsed its recent history and found that the dominant religion had indeed undergone a schism some time ago. To his astonishment, the loyalists who served the founding Sunstar Dynasty actually made a comeback late in the war.
 Long after Alven perished on Rilrod, the loyalists obtained a lot of outside help that repelled the rebels from deposing the Sunstar Dynasty and erect another holy leader to helm the third-rate state.
 In the end, Alven got his wish, and the Sunstar Dynasty still stood standing, although they paid a heavy price to hang on to their current position of power.
 Ves failed to uncover any traces of Alven. He’d been an average pilot before Ves entered the mech pilot’s mind, and did not live long enough to make a lasting impact.
 "Well, enough dilly-dallying around. No matter what I think of Alven, he’s long-dead now. I don’t have to worry about his vengeful ghost coming to haunt me in the coming days."
 The System’s selection of Alven Callisto prompted Ves to believe it definitely intended to pick only those marked for death as his Mastery partners.
 Before, he considered the decision to be a detriment that deprived him of helpers. After finding out that he might be hitchhiking in the minds of uncooperative people, he drastically changed his opinion.
 "It’s better if my partners can’t do any damage to me in the future. Unless they’re as friendly as Barley, I should attempt to kill off my partners the next time I redeem another Mastery."
 With no further barriers to designing his next mech, Ves proceeded to pick up his work again. Before he could do the actual designing, he first had to purchase a couple more licenses.
 He already set aside a handful of licenses and only held off on acquiring them if his newly acquired Mastery offered no protest.
 "Hm, these licenses still look good. There’s no problem in snapping them all up."
 Ves proceeded to buy a number of small components meant to improve a mech’s ability to wield a laser rifle. They consisted of components that improved precision, various targeting aids and an advanced processor specialized in parsing all of the data.
 Ves remembered that he drew a sensor system from a golden lottery ticket a while ago. He briefly inspected it and found out that it was a long-ranged mech sensor primarily used by light mechs. Although he could implement it in his current design, it wouldn’t be able to reach its maximum theoretical range due to all the interference from his mech’s other systems.
 "It’s also too expensive to mass produce right now." He frowned when he checked the raw materials needed to build the sensor module.
 Despite taking up a small amount of space, the module alone might cost up to twenty million credits to fabricate. That was way too much for a single secondary component. The main reason why the price jacked up so much was because the license made use of exotics that Ves had to import from another star sector.
 Ves decided to purchase a native sensor system instead, one that seamlessly integrated with the targeting system he recently acquired. After finishing his purchases, the company account decreased by about 800 million credits, which was a hefty amount, but a necessary investment nonetheless.
 Different from last time, it took a lot of effort for the LMC’s financial department to release the funds. Along with the company’s growth, its financial controls had tightened up as well. Ves could no longer draw on the account directly, but had to submit a lot of forms in order to obtain the necessary funds.
 Even though it took a couple of hours for the financial department to release the funds, Ves didn’t begrudge the accountants for taking their time.
 "It’s good that they’re checking where the money flows. We can’t have a scammer trying to pretend he’s me and swindle my company out of all of our liquid funds."
 After all of the paperwork went through, the LMC gained a couple more licenses for Ves to use in his designs. At this point, Ves met all of the conditions to complete his next design. He breathed deeply and began to channel the crystal golem. He connected with its spirit and invited it to share his senses and take part in the design process.
 The crystal golem eagerly accepted the invitation and melded closer to Ves. Unlike his own attempts at smothering Alven’s spirit, the crystal golem faced a willing human.
 Both of them mutually intertwined themselves, causing Ves to enter a supremely elevated state where two minds instead of one was at work.
 A small part inside him believed that this state would engender a much stronger X-Factor for his design. It might even be possible to breach past his bottleneck this time!
 "Let’s get to work!"
 Ves called up a design program and loaded in his draft design before fleshing it out. Ves already set a vision for his rifleman mech to be a consummate run-and-gunner. Borrowing from Alven’s experiences, he tweaked the draft design to enable it to reach a slightly higher top speed in exchange for a bit less agility.
 He also planned in other deviations from the original draft. These mostly consisted of minor tweaks and changes in configuration that rifleman mech pilots appreciated.
 Once he finished modifying his draft, he went on to design the actual mech.
 As usual, he started from the interior of his mech and worked his way outwards. He defined the internal frame of the mech and planned the placement of the various core components of the mech such as the engine, cockpit and power reactor.
 The rifleman mech envisioned by Ves would be a fairly slimmed down medium mech, so he wouldn’t have a lot of room to work with. This presented a lot of challenges to Ves, as he had to stuff all kinds of components inside his mech without any of it spilling out.
 He had to make some sacrifices in order to obtain sufficient room. After a few minutes of contemplation, he made his choice.
 "I can cut back on the redundancy since it’s not supposed to be a damage sponge. I still need to implement sufficient compartmentalization considering that this mech remaining space will be stuffed with energy cells."
 Many rifleman mech models often skipped out on redundancy. This weakened the mech in the event of sustaining crippling damage. The loss of a vital component would severely impact the battle readiness of the mech.
 Ves accepted the trade-off because it was the least bad choice available to him. He considered expanding the bulk of the mech to be unacceptable as it would severely impact his design’s mobility.
 His experience with Alven taught him that rifleman mechs needed as much mobility as possible. While Ves faced a lot of limits on speed and agility with his decision to stick to the medium weight class, his design could at least withstand a decent amount of enemy fire.
 While it sounded as if Ves made a lot of compromises, Ves strongly believed the end product would still perform to a decent standard. The nature of designing anything involved making a lot of trade-offs.
 The key factor that distinguished good designers from the bad was the ability to make the most favorable exchanges possible. This minimized the loss in performance and kept the overall specs of their designs close to their most optimal ideal state.
 His current vision for his mech hinged on providing a lot of mobility, a decent amount of firepower and just enough armor to grant it a couple of extra lives.
 Of course, Ves also hoped his gimmick would play a role in increasing the value of his design.
 "I’ll have to arrange an entirely different internal structure to accommodate the center crystal."
 Just because Ves intended to make use of large laser propagator based on alien technology did not mean he could slot it in the chest of his design like any other component.
 Time flowed by as Ves fully immersed himself into designing the rifleman mech.
 The crystal golem in his mind frequently added its own input on the design as well, leading to frequent changes that turned the design’s appearance into something unique.
 The most drastic change entailed hunching over the posture of his design. Ves went short of imitating the extreme angle of the crystal golem’s original race, but even then the change looked obvious.
 Ves even figured that the hunch would make his mech more distinctive, although it also made it harder for the mech to turn its head to the rear.
 The change in posture shifted the balance of his design and forced him to perform a lot of extra calculations in order to prevent his mech from tipping over.
 He spent most of the first month into fleshing out his design’s internal architecture. While the crystal propagator installed in the center of the chest introduced a lot of complications, Ves possessed enough competence to adapt to the situation at hand.
 This wasn’t his first rodeo, and nothing could top the internal complexity of the Caesar Augustus design. After working extensively with Jason Kozlowski’s debut design, Ves ceased to be impressed with mechs that only hosted two different weapon systems.
 "It’s not that hard to accommodate another weapon system on a rifleman mech design."
 Ves merely had to ration his weight and space allowances carefully. The internal architecture that he came up with for his rifleman mech design reflected his earlier priorities. He added as much compartmentalization as possible, but cut short the level of redundancy.
 In any case, Ves put his faith on the armor to prevent the worst from coming to pass. It would still take a decent amount of effort to get past his design’s compressed armor.
 Since Ves recycled most of the component licenses he acquired for the Blackbeak design, Ves did not have to puzzle over how to integrate them into his second design. He already knew how all of the parts performed and what kind of conditions they demanded.
 The power reactor, the Trailblazer engine, the cockpit and a lot of other components that Ves previously implemented in the Blackbeak design smoothly integrated in his rifleman mech design. Ves only faced some challenges when he attempted to slim down the components in order to free up a bit more weight and space.
 Modifying third-party components came with a lot of risks, and almost no Apprentice Mech Designer would attempt such an action. Ves only went through with this move because he possessed enough knowledge to understand some of the inner workings of these components.
 Still, most of the components already went through countless optimizations, so Ves did not free up that much capacity. Some of his modifications came paired with minor losses in performance.
 Ves already took into account that a lighter mech had to sacrifice some capability in order to increase its mobility. Even if he used the same components as the Blackbeak, his first and second designs fulfilled different roles, thereby necessitating a lot of adjustments.
 He finished up the work in three weeks, which was fairly fast by his reckoning. Ves spent the next two weeks on simulating the performance of the internal structure and tweaking it to eliminate any faults.
 The tests and simulations revealed a lot of sub-standard implementations that unnecessarily lowered the performance of his mech. Ves spent a lot of time to correct these mistakes and smoothed over the performance of his mech’s internal design.
 "That should wrap it up." Ves said at the end of the first part of the design phase. "The hardest part is over now."
 Ves accomplished a lot of work, including getting the central laser propagator to work. Still, Ves only came up with an untested application. It remained to be seen if the gimmick performed as expected.
 Starting from the second month, Ves worked on the exterior of his mech, including the armor system and the laser rifle.
 Before he started work on them both, Ves took the time to take a day off and check in with his company. He left his private workshop floor with Lucky in tow and visited the different departments.
 Everything appeared to go on trock, although the sales of bronze label Blackbeaks had dropped to its lowest level.
 "Demand for the bronze label Blackbeaks are stagnating because the third-party manufacturers have met the immediate demand for this specific design." Gavin answered Ves when he visited the marketing department. "Elemental Mech Engineering is particularly worse off since it primarily serves the domestic market. You have to understand that the Blackbeak, while fairly popular, is a premium offensive knight."
 "I understand." Ves nodded. "Both its type and price segment limit the popularity of the Blackbeak. It’s never meant to take over the market for knights."
 By now, EME only devoted a single production line to producing the Blackbeak. While they still sold some Blackbeaks every week, the sales volume was a far cry from when the design still enjoyed a lot of hype.
 "What about Vaun? How are they faring trying to push the Blackbeak across the border?"
 "It’s the same as EME, but multiplied a couple of times. While they’ve never been able to conquer a lot of market share in any of the foreign markets, they’re making plenty of sales when you add up the modest demands of more than a dozen different states. They’re currently exporting the Blackbeak to twelve states and counting. All of that adds up."
 This benefited the LMC as well, since Vaun Industrial payed 3.5 million credits per mech. Currently, it was difficult to predict how many Blackbeaks Vaun would be able to sell each month, but Gavin spent a lot of time on analyzing the foreign markets.
 "Right now, Vaun is in a good place. They’re easily able to export more than a hundred Blackbeaks a month. It will be tough to push more mechs than that. This means that at a minimum, the LMC can expect to receive at least 350 million credits in licensing fees."
 Naturally, like any income stream, these earnings didn’t take into account the various overhead costs and other expenses of the company. In particular, the loan the company took to finance the Benson production lines significantly increased the company’s interest burden.
 Still, the LMC’s financials looked good enough to Ves. "We’re making far more money than we spend, even with all of our recent expansions."
 "That’s true, but there’s still a war going on." Jake replied after he went over the financials with Ves. "There’s a recent spate of destructive going on in the Bentheim region. It’s only a matter of time before the Bentheim System itself will get hit, and Cloudy Curtain might get swept up in the chaos as well."
 "What are you saying?"
 "I’m saying we should prepare for the worst."
 Ves turned serious at those words. "I know there’s a possibility the Vesians decide to raid our planet, but we’ve already made as much preparations as possible. We’ve upgraded our contract with Sanyal-Ablin Security Services and I’ve even set up the Avatars of Myth, although they’re still in infancy. However, our main source of security is our relationship with Walter’s Whalers."
 If the Vesians decided to raid Cloudy Curtain, the Whalers couldn’t sit by and let the Vesians run amok on their home planet. Gangs enjoyed a complicated relationship with states. Any gang that claimed a planet but failed to defend it against foreign aggression would be pushed from their position of power.
 Even though such a measure would be costly, the Mech Corps had swept up these kinds of cowardly gangs enough times to demonstrate their point. Every citizen of the Bright Republic must defend their homes if able.
 Still, just because the Whalers possessed the obligation to defend Cloudy Curtain didn’t mean it had to defend every location. In practice, gangs mainly held on to their core territories while letting the invaders lay waste to infrastructure that no one except the Republic cared about.
 "The Whalers are our friends, and they know how much benefits the LMC brings to this planet. They’ll definitely lend a hand if the Vesians wants to raid the Mech Nursery."
 Jake looked a bit skeptical at Ves. As a former retainer of the Larkinsons, he was no stranger to partnering up with the less respectable parts of society. Still, the gang culture in Rittersburg was nowhere nearly as intense as the gang culture of the Bentheim region.
 "If you say so, I’ll believe you, but it’s better to prepare too much than prepare too little."
 "What is your suggestion?"
 His COO put forth a bold proposal. "I suggest we hire a mercenary corps for a couple of months. We need a lot more mechs to fend off even a minor Vesian raiding party. I don’t know if you haven’t heard yet, but there’s word that the 3rd Imodris Legion is circling around the Mech Corps in order to reach the Bentheim region. All hell will break loose if they succeed."
 Ves frowned deeply at that information. Even Ves hadn’t heard anything about the Vesians sending an entire legion deep into Republican space. However, if Jake mentioned it to Ves, then the news must be true. The Larkinson Estate must have informed the man.
 "I see. In that case, the risk of hiring a couple of bad apples don’t look so bad." He replied after considering the matter. "You have my permission to hire a mercenary corps. Just one. I don’t want any complications. Make sure they’re trustworthy. I don’t mind paying above the market rate in order to ensure their quality. Just don’t set a lengthy contract term."
 A defense contract under these circumstances cost a lot of money, although they charged a lot less than dedicated security companies such as Sanyal-Ablin. The costs still added up to an unreasonable burden after a year.
 By then, the Avatars of Myth could take over the duties previously performed by the mercenaries. Even though it cost a lot of money to set up his own personal force, the running costs looked a lot more reasonable than paying mercenaries to do the same job.
 Mercenaries existed and thrived on fulfilling temporary needs for wealthy clients. Ves personally did not think much about them even as he sold his products to them, but he did not dismiss their worth entirely.
 In these dangerous times, he could use all the help he could get.
 After taking care of impactful decisions like that, Ves returned to his private workshop floor and resumed his design work.
 "All that’s left is the exterior and a round of simulations before I can fabricate the first prototype."
 The most important part about the exterior was that Ves had to apply the Veltrex armor system without overburdening his mech. As an armor system optimized for knights, it functioned perfectly when the three layers were thick enough to express their unique strengths.
 Ves knew that he performed a misdemeanor by applying the same system to a skinny medium rifleman mech, but the nature of the compressed armor still ensured the armor remained strong. Although the thin plates of armor did not live up to their potential, they enormously improved the survivability of his second original design.
 "It’s not a knight, but it doesn’t have to be."
 Sometimes, Ves had to thin out the armor plating so much that their effective defense barely exceeded the standard of uncompressed armor. In those cases, Ves substituted the expensive materials with the much cheaper HRF armor system that Ves had last applied to the Marc Antony line of mechs.
 He laughed to himself when he drew on the old license he obtained from the System as a reward for completing an early mission. "I never thought I would go back to using this low-quality formula."
 If it worked, it worked. Ves ensured that the Veltrex armor system covered most of the essential sections of his design while covering some of the joints and other tricky areas with the much less demanding HRF armor system.
 "It’s not what I envisioned, but it mostly gets the job done."
 If Ves had to describe his second original mech’s appearance, then he would describe it as fast. Every curve and line evoked a sense of impatience and flightiness, as if it hated to stand still.
 The permanently hunched posture made the mech look like it was permanently on the prowl. Everyone who looked at its appearance would have the misconception that it hunted for a living. Even though Ves had not yet designed a customized laser rifle for the mech, everyone could easily imagine the threat it kept contained within its speedy frame.
 This was a mech that hunted other mechs for a living.
 His artistic sense prompted him to coat his design with a mottled brown pattern. Although camouflage was pretty much useless in this age, the darker tones and subdued coloration brought a sense of understated class to the premium-priced mech.
 Ves added a slightly brighter yellow starburst pattern around the center crystal embedded in the chest. This would draw enemy fire towards the crystal laser propagator, which was very resilient against lasers and most types of thermal weaponry.
 The chest also boasted the thickest application of Veltrex armor plating, so even if the enemy missed, his mech would still be fine. Mostly.
 The double armor systems contrasted strongly even if Ves tried his best to obscure the different materials. The areas around the joints, neck and anywhere with minimal armor looked noticeably thinner, and adopted a slightly different texture that Ves couldn’t remove without using special and expensive coating.
 "I can’t do anything about the weaknesses inherent with the HRF armor plating. At the very least, I’ve got most of my design clad in compressed armor. It’s going to be very hard for its opponents to aim for those weak points as long as it keeps moving."
 The main reason why he couldn’t apply thicker armor to the joints was because adding more would cripple his design’s mobility. By prioritizing mobility over armor, Ves ensured his mech retained a decent amount of agility and a fair amount of top speed. It also accelerated swiftly as well, which would help with abrupt changes in direction.
 After subjecting the design to various simulations, the design met most of its promised performance levels. The only areas of concern seemed to be armor coverage, power supply and heat management.
 Every mech design constantly juggled the latter two concerns. Compared to other rifleman mech designs, his current work did not seem so cumbersome.
 Power supply formed the most complex issue. Ves planned to employ a laser rifle that drew its power from external battery packs instead of the mech’s internal armor. Most often, mechs of the Republic carried spare battery packs inside a small, well-armored backpack module. These widely available backpacks slotted into the Bright Republic’s Modular Fitting Standard which Ves had installed on the back of his design.
 This separated the weapon’s power usage from the power usage of his mech. Some saw it as an advantage, as rifleman mechs could happily drain their external batteries without worrying about draining their mechs dry. Mechs could also carry a lot more energy in total, leading to longer deployments in the field without worrying about resupply.
 "On the other hand, bringing along a backpack module adds to the weight and makes the mech vulnerable to attacks from the rear. It’s not a pleasant thing if the backpack module explodes along with all of those energetic batteries."
 The explosions wouldn’t be as violent as the overcharged energy cells on the Glowing Planet, but the force of it could still cripple a mech.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 In effect, his choice of relying on external battery packs introduced a vulnerability in his design that contrasted sharply with his design’s durable exterior. It was like building an impenetrable fort but leaving the front gates exposed.
 Still, those battery packs contained numerous safeguards to prevent such a disaster. Packs rarely exploded these days. Many other rifleman mechs utilized external batteries as well, as many mech pilots hated the limits imposed by relying solely on internal energy cells.
 With regards to the mech itself, its power supply should last it a very long while. Due to using the same components as the Blackbeak, his rifleman mech design could go on for ages before needing to resupply its internal energy cells.
 "This capability comes at the cost of peak performance, although rifleman mechs don’t particularly need it unless they want a quick burst of speed."
 In this regard, the weapon type determined the staying power of a rifleman mech. Ballistic rifleman mechs and railgunner mechs generally lasted as long as they still possessed ammunition. In a pitched battle, it would take less than an hour to run dry.
 Due to these limitations, mechs that relied on projectiles generally focused on maximizing their performance in the limited time they remained combat effective. Their peak performance could reach very high levels, although these mechs tend to wear out quickly as well.
 "Still, laser rifleman mechs are the kings of attrition."
 The ease at which forces could replenish energy cells and batteries made laser rifleman mechs the favored type of mechs in larger battles and longer campaigns. Lasers dealt a lot of damage, but they took time to really take effect. This made them less deadly in short bursts of combat.
 Laser rifles also tended to grow hot really fast, so mech pilots had to pace their shots over an extended period of time.
 These traits tended to push mechs that used laser weapons into high endurance configurations that lasted for a long time.
 Mercenaries tended to prefer the burst lethality offered by ballistic weapons, while armies and larger outfits leaned towards laser weapons for their ease of supply and their staying power.
 Naturally, this would only be possible if the weapon did not draw on the mech’s internal power. Those mechs ran out of power faster, but offered even higher levels of mobility as they weighed the least out of all rifleman mechs.
 "Still, all of these tendencies are merely guidelines. It’s not set in stone that all armies only use laser weapons and all mercenaries stick to ballistic weapons."
 Ves opted to design a laser rifleman mech in order to provide Melkor with a mech that allowed him to bring out his full strength. The private market still hungered for rifleman mechs of all kinds, including those designed to wield laser weapons, so Ves did not worry about a lack of demand.
 He only needed to convince the market that his mech was worth purchasing over the competition.
 "That’s what the gimmicks are for. I’ve already integrated an untested laser crystal in the chest. All that’s left is designing the rifle."
 He already bought a standard 10-year license for a basic but proven laser rifle design. Its robust and durable qualities along with the lack of frills made it an excellent base for modifications despite its generic and forgettable nature.
 One-and-a-half months already went by. Ves planned to finish the laser rifle in two weeks before devoting another month for testing and iteration.
 "A lot of time has already gone by. Anything can happen at this point. The sooner I finish this design, the better off the LMC will be once I’m called for other duties."
 "Meow."
 Floating above his head, Lucky materialized and landed atop his head. The mechanical cat’s bone-like exterior made it uncomfortable for Ves to offer his head as a perch.
 "Get off my head!"
 Ves tried to grab hold of Lucky in order to move him from the top of his head, but Lucky quickly turned intangible once his hands went up.
 "Meow."
 Lucky excitedly meowed as he avoided the hands and hovered back and forth in the isolated design room.
 "I’m sorry for not spending enough time with you, but I really need to get this work done."
 "Meow!"
 "I know. I’ll make it up to you later."
 "Meow."
 "Yeah, I’ll order another batch of yummy minerals soon, however, don’t think of getting anything better than junk exotics!"
 "Meow meow!"
 "You’ll bankrupt me if you insist on dining on the best stuff! I don’t have a Glowing Planet hiding in my pockets, you know!"
 Times like these reminded him that he shouldered an excessive burden. His entire company and hundreds of workers relied on the functioning of a single lead designer. When mech manufacturers grew past the point where they would be called small, they rightly expanded from a single designer to a team of designers.
 This wasn’t the first time Ves thought about expanding the LMC’s retinue of designers. The only problem he faced was one of trust. Ves carried too many secrets, any of which could ruin his life and career if others found them out.
 The problem was that if he kept those secrets to himself, others wouldn’t be able to understand his design philosophy. Subsequently, their work would never match his exacting standards.
 Either Ves had to keep loosen his standard, or he had to resign himself to working by himself.
 "After I finish this project, assuming I don’t have any other obligations, I should try to cultivate Carlos as the LMC’s second designer."
 Even though Carlos fell short of what the LMC demanded, Ves still trusted his friend over any other mech designer who would wish to apply to work in his company. His average background and relatively poor talent meant that no one else got to him yet. As his first benefactor, Carlos would trust Ves unconditionally.
 "Hm, this is for later. I still have a rifle to finish."
 Ves took the existing design of a laser rifle and separated its components. After categorizing each component, Ves designed a laser crystal that would fit inside a rifle before determining which components could be left out.
 He puzzled over the issue for several days. He tried to strip out as many components as possible to slim down the rifle. Ves subsequently filled up he void by shrinking the rifle or allocated the extra capacity for larger battery packs and heat sinks.
 When Ves previously designed the weapon for the Tainted Sun, he added heat rods to the graser rifle. His current weapon project did not call for the same, as conventional lasers used up much less energy compared to a highly energetic gamma laser.
 While Ves had always channeled the spirit of the crystal golem during his design work, it was only once he started work on the laser rifle that it emerged from dormancy.
 "You probably know a lot more about these laser crystals than me. If you have anything to suggest, I’m willing to listen."
 The crystal golem’s second opinion provied to be highly useful in tring to integrate the alien technology in a conventional human weapon design. It helped a lot with integrating the crystal with the remaining weapon components left inside the rifle design.
 In the end, Ves cut about forty to fifty percent of the components utilized in the laser rifle design. Ves could have squeezed more performance savings out of the weapon if he went even further, but he was loathe to do so.
 Once he started taking out the really essential stuff, the rifle would suffer a large degradation in performance. It was not worth it to take these essential components out.
 Actually getting the entire monstrosity to work according to spec was a lot harder than creating a proof-of-concept. Ves needed to maintain the laser rifle’s level of performance compared to the base. Even though he possessed some experience in designing a laser rifle, he still lacked in comprehensive experience.
 "In the end, I’m not a weapon designer."
 While he found it interesting to work on a laser rifle, it only became possible for him to do so due to all of the extra Skills and Sub-Skills he picked up along the way. It would be cumbersome to branch out much further.
 If not for the necessity of trying to stand out from the competition, Ves would never waste his time with designing a custom laser rifle.
 It took a little longer to finalize the laser rifle. The extra time allowed him to work away the imperfections and increase the efficiency of his weapon until it matched the performance of the original weapon license, but only taking up half the weight and a lot less space.
 At this point, Ves was almost ready to fabricate his prototype. He only needed to polish the appearance of his mech and optimize its design for a couple of weeks.
 "That reminds me. I still haven’t integrated the festive cloud generator in my mech."
 Ves derived a fair amount of the technology used in his design from studying the remains of the crystal builders. His design’s appearance and hunched posture faintly echoed the long dead race’s appearance. It was clear that the design formed something of an homage to the alien race.
 He did not do so because he worshipped the aliens, but because he wanted to please the crystal golem. The spirit inside his head had always nudged his design choices in this direction, and Ves found it best to accommodate its wishes in order to maximize the chances of strengthening the X-Factor of his design.
 A thrilling sense of anticipation ran through his body as he thought about the end product. Besides its specs and its technical aspects, his design also excelled in the spiritual sense. It could in fact be one of its strongest point.
 Ves couldn’t wait to complete his design and experience its X-Factor in full force.
 "The Blackbeak may be better put together as a mech, but its X-Factor simply can’t compare against this rifleman mech design."
 Still, the success of his design in terms of X-Factor depended on the mood of the crystal golem. Ves attempted to please it in any way he could without setting back the performance of his mech.
 As for the Festive Cloud Generator, Ves decided to integrate it into the head of his design. He hesitated on the exact appearance of the head, but in the end chose to imitate the crystal builder’s strange head shape.
 Just like the alien race which inspired this mech, Ves designed the head to be a roughly humanoid shape but without any defined eyes, ears, nostrils or mouths. Instead, he spread a random amount of pin-shaped holes throughout the front, sides and back of the head. He only filled a couple of them with sensors, leaving the rest of the holes plugged at the very end.
 The head looked unsettling, and added to the threatening nature of his rifleman mech. Due to the strange shape of the head, Ves found it to be the perfect outlet for the Festive Cloud Generator. He integrated the module inside the neck and connected it to the holes in the head via dedicated channels.
 As for the color of the vapor, Ves decided to use the same understated brownish color as the exterior coating for his mech.
 "My Blackbeak either releases black or red phoenix flames, depending on the edition."
 In order to add some flair to those who requested it, Ves added in a soul blue shade as an alternative. This would turn the head into some kind of horrific entity that resembled a skeleton that came back to life. Ves thought this would give his design a much better visual impact compared to vapor dyed in earthen tones.
 "I don’t think many people will go for this option though." Ves considered. "Rifleman mech pilots aren’t eager to call out attention for themselves. If the heads of their mechs suddenly burn in bright blue, they’re liable to attract a lot more enemy fire."
 The Blackbeak could afford to be focused on by enemy mechs, but his rifleman mech fared poorly if put in the center of attention. Even though both mechs shared the same same armor system, one had been designed as a damage sponge and the other had been designed to dish out the damage.
 After adding in the cloud generator, Ves essentially finished iterating his design. After this, he would no longer add new features and functionalities to his mech. From now on, he would proceed to optimize his design and smooth out its flaws until he ended up with a polished rifleman mech that wouldn’t shame itself on the battlefield.
 "I’m almost finished!" He celebrated to himself, though the only one who heard his words was a bored Lucky who lounged around above his head. "Getting these laser crystals to work is a bit of a pain, but it’s well worth the effort."
 These gimmicks did not change the game entirely, but they provided a substantial amount of benefits, so long as Ves could actually turn them into reality. That was still in question, as Ves had never fabricated crystals up to this scale.
 The hardest part was already over. After completing his rough and polished design, Ves no longer needed to strain his mind on making difficult design choices. All that remained was correcting any inefficiencies that Ves had inadvertently introduced in the design.
 Ves proceeded to throw his design in a large number of elaborate simulations. Through the use of complicated mathematical models, Ves crunched the numbers and tested whether the armor coverage contained any hidden weaknesses or how many times the laser rifle could fire in quick succession before it malfunctioned or blew up.
 All of this was relatively boring work. Any results the simulations spat out prompted Ves to make minor tweaks such as thickening a plate of armor by a couple of millimeters or shifting one component to the left by a similar margin. This was precision that entailed a lot of repetition.
 "The bigger design teams have dedicated analysts to process these simulations."
 It was a waste of time for mech designers to concern themselves with this kind of work. While it demanded a high understanding of mathematics and physics, it also involved relatively little design judgement, so the work didn’t have to be done by a mech designer.
 "If I work alone, I can finish a decently optimized design in a little over three months. If I have an entire team to back me up, I can either shorten the time by half, or get much more work done in the same amount of time."
 The tedium of taking care of every single detail brought a great burden to Ves, and it would only get worse over time. As his designs grew more complex, the amount of details that needed to be taken care of increased as well. Eventually, it was a lot more efficient to offl-load the less essential tasks to assistants.
 "They don’t need to be as good as me in terms of design ability or mathematical understanding. They only have to be good at their assigned task."
 Many larger mech companies as well as the state-backed militaries relied on the works of design teams. The work of a single person always took longer to complete. The lack of involvement of others also made the mechs designed by a single person very insular in nature.
 This meant that such mechs possessed very pronounced strengths and weaknesses. This didn’t sound so bad, but sometimes a mech designer was so myopic that he overlooked a critical weakness in his design that would instantly plummet its value once revealed.
 Ves was not so conceited to think he could keep track of everything, including the things he didn’t know.
 "It seems like it’s inevitable for the LMC to become more professional."
 Ves would always treat the LMC as his own personal kingdom. He merely considered the act of expanding his design team akin to hiring a couple of court wizards. As long as Ves kept a tight leash on them, they would be unable to pose a threat to him and his kingdom.
 Still, just because he resolved to create a design team didn’t mean he could gather a number of people with the snap of his finger.
 "Hiring a number of competent assistants is easier than done. The best people are claimed by the major players when they are a long way from graduation."
 He needed to cultivate talent from the ranks. In that regard, calling any of his employees talented would be stretching it. The only way he could cut short the arduously long training process was to utilize the advantages of the System.
 "Before I design my third mech, I better stuff Carlos with a bunch of Intelligence Attribute Candies and see what happens."
 Ves doubted that Carlos possessed more intelligence than the average among humans. If his Intelligence Attribute happened to have shot up straight to 2.0, that was a different story entirely. His friend would experience a sea of change, and would be able to digest every textbook that Ves had gathered in a matter of days.
 While Ves daydreamed about cultivating Carlos, an alarm suddenly interrupted his thoughts. A red light flashed for several seconds, long enough for the seriousness of it to set in. Ves forcefully halted his isolation and raced towards the terminal that connected to the outside world. He quickly called up Jake.
 "What’s going on outside?"
 "It’s bad. The Vesians have come!"
 That was all Ves needed to know. His jaw dropped and his heart skipped a beat. Even though he made a lot of preparations for their possible arrival, Ves secretly hoped they never decided to come to the Cloudy Curtain System.
 Out of all the rural systems around Bentheim, Cloudy Curtain was one of the poorest and least developed economies in the neighborhood. Despite the rising importance of the LMC to the planet, agriculture still remained the dominant export of this panet.
 Even if the Vesians wanted to starve Bentheim of their food, the most a couple of mechs could do was burn some fields and destroy some processing plants. It would be impossible for an entire legion to scour the entire planet of all crops within a month.
 And when they left, the farming consortiums could simply clean up the wreckage and plant another batch of crops.
 No, the Vesians hadn’t come to raid some farms. Their goal should be more than clear. Ves looked grimly at Jake’s projection. "They’re coming for us, aren’t they?"
 "Sanyal-Ablin thinks that’s likely the case. The 3rd Imodris Legion is out in force and they’re simultaneously hitting over twenty different planets at once. All of the targeted planets in question are hosting some kind of industry related to mechs or ships."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 In other words, the Vesians definitely targeted his Mech Nursery.
 "How many mechs are they bringing along?
 "If you take into account the historical patterns as well as their usual modus operandi, they’re likely bringing in one company of spaceborn mechs and two companies of landbound mechs. Mind you, these are full strength companies. They can’t compare against the mechs and people employed by the private sector."
 Leaving out the spaceborn mechs, Cloudy Curtain had to withstand the fury of more than eighty military-spec mechs.
 "Can the Mech Nursery withstand such a force?"
 "It’s doubtful." Jake replied, revealing his own apprehension at the nearing fleet of combat carriers. "The defenses of the Mech Nursery can’t even withstand a single company of Legion mechs. Two companies can absolutely overrun our base, although that doesn’t take into account our mobile defenses."
 The Mech Nursery still possessed a way to survive the Vesian fury by relying on their allied mechs.
 "Talk to me about our mech disposition."
 "We’ve just discovered the Vesians, so it’s not clear how many mechs we can call up. Right now, Sanyal-Ablin has promised twenty-four high-quality mechs to our defense. These are top-of-the-line third-class mechs, so they’ll be able to punch above their weight against the Vesians."
 Ves nodded in understanding. Sanyal-Ablin Security Services was a subsidiary of the Konsu Clan. As a partner of a second-rate state, the Konsu Clan was more than capable of maintaining such an expensive force of mechs in the standard of third-rate states.
 Still, even with the LMC’s current earning levels, they could ill afford to expand their already hefty contract with Sanyal-Ablin. They couldn’t rely on more than twenty-four mechs from the security company to defend their manufacturing complex.
 "As for the Avatars of Myth, you should know more about them than me, seeing that they’re under your sole command. As far as I’m aware of, your cousin Melkor has been drilling them non-stop in their current service mechs. Although they only bring nine mechs to the table if you include your cousin, their capabilities should be on par with the average Vesian squad."
 That brought their side to a third of the amount of mechs the Vesians would bring to bear. They were still horribly outnumbered, but if they fought cleverly, they still stood a chance of repelling the raiding force.
 "What about Walter’s Whalers? Have they gotten in touch yet?"
 "They have, but..." Jake hesitated a little. "They aren’t exactly eager to come to blows with the Vesians. They’ll do their part for sure, if only to meet their obligations, but we can’t force them to hold their ground."
 "That’s a problem." Ves frowned deeply. If the Whalers chickened out, where did that leave him? "How about the mercenaries? Please tell me they’re prepared to face the Vesians."
 "About that..." Jake sounded like he swallowed a sour lemon. "I think it’s best to switch you over to Melkor. He’s been coordinating the Mech Nursery’s defenses."
 Ves waited for the comm channel to switch to Melkor.
 "Ves? I’ve been meaning to speak to you."
 "I just heard the short version. Tell me about the readiness of the mercenaries. Who did you hire and what kind of issues do they have?"
 Melkor sighed on the other side of the channel. "It’s complicated. First, do you know what mercenaries do during times of war?"
 "Some of them join the Mech Corps or get conscripted by them, right?"
 "Yes, and it’s always the best of them that get snapped up one way or another. Usually, mercenaries prize their freedom and identity, so the Mech Corps usually contracts them to defend less important places that still need to be protected. So right off the bat, the best mercenaries have disappeared."
 "Leaving the hiring market with the non-elites and the small to medium-sized mercenary corps who aren’t worthy of notice." Ves added onto Melkor’s explanation. He could predict where his cousin was going with this story from his own understanding of how the market worked. "Since this is a time of war, plenty of companies are shivering in their pants. They can’t bolster their security forces fast enough, so they’ve immediately hired the leftovers who are still worth a damn."
 The latest war between the Bright Republic and the Vesia Kingdom already raged on for a couple of months. The most farsighted companies already made their moves long ago.
 "When you tasked us some time ago to hire some mercenaries as well, the outfits that were still available at that time are like the last kids you’d pick to join your team. They all come with various amounts of baggage. The only good thing about them is that they know their records look bad, so they’ve all been setting reasonable prices."
 "Did you hire a cheap group then?"
 "Not exactly." Melkor shook his head. "Those guys are liable to cut and run when the going gets tough. I’m not stupid enough to put my faith on those types. Besides, none of these cowards indicated that they wanted to take on an assignment that would force them to fight directly against the Vesian frontline forces."
 Ves snorted. "Good luck with that. I don’t think those mercenaries can afford to be picky. They’ll probably go bankrupt very soon."
 "It’s better to be bankrupt than dead." Melkor shrugged. "In any case, there aren’t that many mercenary corps who are willing to accept a high-risk defense assignment, which is what’s applicable to our situation. I’ve had to spend days negotiating with various outfits available for hire."
 "And the result?"
 "Well, after discussing it with the LMC’s upper management, we’ve settled on a medium-sized group called the Oodis Mudriders."
 "Charming name." The name of the outfit alone did not inspire much confidence in Ves.
 "The Mudriders specialize in extended patrols, wilderness reconnaissance and other missions of that nature. They’re really good at what they do, so I’ve decided to contract them even if they don’t specialize in defense."
 His cousin must have a good reason to do so. "Then what’s the problem with the Mudriders?"
 "There’s no way in putting it gently, so I’ll just say it. The Mudriders have a black mark on their record."
 Ves instantly turned serious. "Really? And you hired them anyway?"
 What was a black mark? In the mercenary circles, the Mercenary Association kept track of each mercenary outfit’s performance and whether they fulfilled their obligations. They were much like the Mech Trade Association in that regard, though they did not wield any real power or maintained their own defense force. In short, they acted solely as neutral arbiters.
 In their record-keeping, they frequently had to deal with mercenaries that failed to do their jobs for some reason or another. The MA would often be called to investigate the circumstances if the mercenaries and their employers failed to come to an agreement. Either the mercenaries would be acquitted, or they’d receive a red or black mark on their records.
 A red mark signified a warning sign. It meant that the mercenary corps in question had fudged their job somehow. These marks instantly lowered the valuation of the corps, but fortunately for them the MA offered plenty of options to redeem themselves, usually through demonstrating good behavior in the next handful of missions.
 It was a different case with a black mark. The mercenary corps had to do a completely unforgivable act in order to acquire a black mark. This usually entailed actions short of becoming a full pirate, but still looked pretty bad. Most often, this consisted of destroying something that they’d been assigned to protect, fleeing too early in battle, or getting caught doing something wildly illegal.
 Many mercenary corps gave up on the spot once they received a black mark Sadly, the mech pilots wouldn’t be able to get away with it either, as the black mark persisted in their personal records as well. Many pilots therefore chose to retire from the mercenary business entirely.
 To those who for some reason or another desperately wanted to stay in the business, the MA offered a couple of ways out. The most popular one would be to redeem themselves through completing a number of missions with exemplary behavior.
 Unlike with red marks though, the mercenaries wouldn’t be able to remove their black marks with a string of boring and safe guard or patrol duties in the middle of nowhere. They specifically had to demonstrate their valor through completing high-risk assignments.
 "This is the first high-risk assignment for the Mudriders." Melkor continued to explain. "They received their black marks at the outbreak of the war when they were contracted to defend a lucrative natural preserve planet. For some reason, they did not prepare for the war and got caught with their pants down when a deep-ranging raiding party entered the system. You can guess what happened next."
 These Mudriders already sounded like idiots to Ves. Who didn’t know that a war was imminent back then? "Okay, so their peacetime contract obliged them to defend the operations on the natural preserve, but they never actually expected to face the fangs of the Mech Legion. Did they run immediately or did they at least pretend to put up a fight?"
 "It’s actually both. They used to be a fairly large mercenary corps with over seventy mechs. Half of them mutinied against the mercenary commander and fled the system just hours after the arrival of the Vesians. The other half became so demoralized that even if the commander wanted to make a stand, the circumstances forced him to pull back as well, hence the black mark."
 While Ves felt a lot of sympathy for the mercenary commander, that did not mean he appreciated the commander’s leadership abilities. "Right, and now we’re the ones they’re tasked with defending. How many mechs do they have?"
 "There’s only twenty-four left. The good thing is that most of them are advanced mechs. The Mudriders who piloted the frontline mechs didn’t hold much loyalty to the corps and don’t possess strong wills. What’s left are the true core of the Mudriders."
 Twenty-four mechs, most of them on par with the mechs of the Avatars of Myth. That sounded a bit better. This brought the defending mechs to at least half the strength of what the Vesians might bring to bear.
 It was still short of insuring victory, but Ves could not afford to be picky at the moment.
 Melkor proceeded to tell Ves a few other details about the Mudriders that he should know before suggesting that he should meet with the mercenary commander in person.
 "The Mudriders are based in the mech stables next to ours. You should really speak with the commander and try to convince him that the Mech Nursery can hold as long as they are committed to the fight."
 Ves nodded. He knew how important it was to prop up the mercenaries after suffering an enormous spout of bad luck. "I’ll go do that."
 He cut the comm channel and proceeded to leave the underground portion of the Mech Nursery with Lucky in tow.
 As he briefly glanced at the various floor, he noticed that the manufacturing complex had gone into full crisis mode.
Continue reading on No_veLbIn
 His people halted every non-essential operation such as fabricating mechs and began to stow away every loose component and material laying around in the open.
 Under the leadership of Chief Cyril, the mech technicians also started to tidy up the production lines and began to wrap them up with makeshift armor plating in order to protect them against collateral damage.
 Out of everything in the Mech Nursery, the LMC could not afford to lose its three production lines. As the most valuable physical assets of his company, the Vesian raiding force would definitely do their utmost to pound the expensive machines into scrap.
 Once he reached the surface, he saw that most of the office buildings had actually been retracted underneath the ground. While that didn’t guarantee they would escape unscathed, it at least made them less of an obvious target.
 As for the mech stables, for various reasons these structures couldn’t be moved, but their sturdy construction could take a fair amount of blows before the succumbed. Ves and Lucky moved to the largest structure which had been assigned to the Oodis Mudriders.
 Upon reaching the entrance, the Mudriders must have gotten prior word of his arrival because their mech pilots and support personnel all stood at attention in front.
 Ves got the sense that a fair amount of pilots used to serve in the Mech Corps. It stood to reason that they stuck to the Mudriders when everyone else left the group.
 An older man stood in front and approached Ves. "Welcome to the Oodis Mudriders. I am Commander Merin Husaan, the man in charge of these bunch. Isn’t that right?!"
 The Mudriders shouted in unison. The discipline of those who remained still appeared to be strong. The display quietly allayed some of the concerns that Ves still held. At least the Mudriders hadn’t been left with the dregs.
 Once Commander Husaan dismissed his men and women, he led Ves to an office that he appropriated for his use. "I appreciate you coming to pay us a visit. You don’t seem like the corporate types who let their underlings do all of the work."
 How was Ves supposed to respond to such a remark? "Your Mudriders form a vital part of our defense, so I can’t afford to to remain hands off. Now, I’m aware of your outfit’s recent history. It doesn’t look good."
 Husaan let out a deprecating smile. "It is not a secret that my Mudriders are much-diminished. In truth, we’ve had it too easy in the last decade. We’ve expanded too fast and brought in strangers to fight alongside us. We trusted them to watch our hides, but at the critical moment, they turned their own backs to us and left."
 "Can you guarantee that it won’t happen again? We truly need your commitment to this coming fight."
 "I will stake my mercenary honor on this task. I would rather die than to see the mercenary corps that I’ve built out of my own flesh and tears dissolve due to another act of dishonor!"
 That sounded great, but Commander Husaan did not speak for his entire crew. Even though his men showed an encouraging display of unity, who knew if any of them held second thoughts? Once a single mech pilot ran away, his departure might lead to a cascade of defections, especially in the heat of battle.
 Ves crossed his arms. "Actions speak louder than words. I’ll reserve my judgement until the Vesians actually come."
 "That’s fair." Husaan nodded. "All I can tell you is that we’ll do our best to defend these premises, but if you want to employ us at our best, then you must grant us the autonomy to operate according to our strengths."
 "What does that mean?"
 "I’ve been arguing with the man you’ve assigned to coordinate your defenses, and we have a disagreement on how my Mudriders should be employed."
 "And you haven’t resolved your argument?"
 "No." The robust mercenary commander shook his head. "We’re trained to fight on the run. We are a skirmishing force, not a frontline unit. Standing behind the walls and letting the enemy come to us isn’t what we do."
 It turned out that Commander Husaan wanted the Mudriders to be deployed outside the Mech Nursery. Instead of defending the walls, the Mudriders would harass the incoming raiding force from the flanks and force them to split up their focus.
 The idea sounded good, but the problem was that nothing held the Mudriders back from running away if they chose to do so.
 Ves understood why Melkor was hesitant in granting them so much leeway. They already possessed one black mark in their record.
 "Let me speak to my cousin about it before I make a decision."
 After leaving the mech stables occupied by the Mudriders, Ves payed a visit to the facility that held the Avatars of Myth.
 Melkor already used the budget provided by Ves to good use. The mech stables looked like a bunker that could withstand a lot more punishment than the one he visited before. It had also been built on top of a collapsible tunnel that led to an underground network.
 "Ves." Melkor greeted him as he arrived. "I believe you have met the Oodis Mudriders?"
 "They look like they have something to prove."
 "You can’t trust what you see. They purposely put their best foot forward." Melkor admonished him as he led him past the mechs of his own personal force.
 They all looked decent, but the two gold label Blackbeaks took the crown. The two offensive knights radiated a subtle flavor that spoke of bloodthirst and anticipation. Ves mentally nodded in satisfaction. Their X-Factor should enhance the two mechs by a small but noticeable margin.
 After finishing the small tour, Melkor led Ves to an underground command center of some sorts. A dozen or so new hires staffed the various workstations in the highly secure chamber. Ves recognized them as part of his own personal force due to the temporary uniforms they wore that matched Melkor’s own.
 His cousin seemed to have opted for a sober black uniform of stiff high-quality fabric along with touches of blue. The uniform gave those who wore them a lot of stature, and Ves approved of the look. Perhaps he would instruct Melkor to turn permanent.
 "This is our first command center. Here, we will coordinate our surface defense. There are other command centers underground, but it’s not necessary to use them yet. The chances that the Vesians are bringing tunneling machines are very low."
 In the middle of the command center hovered a projection of the star system and the Mech Nursery’s vicinity.
 "From our latest observations, the Vesian combat carriers are making swift progress to the inner system. They’ll arrive in orbit in about eleven hours. That’s very short, and we don’t have enough time to bolster our defenses."
 Ves studied the space plot and traced the trajectory of the Vesian ships. "Is there any way to threaten their ships?"
 "No. I’ve already made some inquiries and it’s impossible for us to damage them. They’re very well-guarded by an entire company of spaceborn mechs. As you know, the Mech Corps isn’t maintaining any garrisons in this star system. Instead, the job of defending the system and planet is left to Walter’s Whalers."
 "I see."
 Even with their recent windfalls, it took time for the Whalers to train competent mech pilots anc acquire new mechs. This raid happened way too soon for the Whalers to put a strong resistance. Ves did not forget that they lost a lot of mech pilots in the Glowing Planet campaign.
 Ves also had a first-hand look at how they operated back then. Typical for gangs, battles in space was not their strong suit. They much preferred to operate on land, as that was more intuitive and required less brain power to understand.
 In order to excel in space like a true spaceborn fighting force, the Whalers would need to hire a lot of ship captains and mech officers who understood orbital mechanics and other highly technical knowledge.
 Let alone orbital mechanics, Ves doubted that the average gang member learned how to count past ten.
 "Okay, it’s hopeless to contest the Vesians in space, but the Whalers are much better off on the ground, right?"
 Melkor nodded. "That’s one thing that’s gone right. Dietrich has been in touch with us and they’ve promised to defend Freslin and the Mech Nursery, depending on where the Vesians planned to strike. However, he did warn us that while the mechs are much better than what they used to have, the mech pilots are mostly green and untested. They won’t be able to stand their ground in a pitched battle."
 That meant instead of relying on the Whalers to be the main force that blunted the Vesian spearhead, they could only be employed to perform less critical roles.
 Ves let out a grunt in frustration. "Seems like everyone is doing their best to shirk responsibility for the most arduous task. Will Sanyal-Ablin do their jobs at least?"
 "They’ve informed me that they are committed to fulfill their contracts, and for once, I believe them. The credibility of SASS as a whole is on the line here."
 That meant that the Mech Nursery could at least depend on a core of twenty-four very capable mechs to hold the line. At least the LMC got their money’s worth in that regard.
 The defense picture started to become clear to Ves. He looked at the map that showed the Mech Nursery and its surroundings. Ves chose to plant the highly defensible manufacturing complex in a complex forest environment tens of kilometers away from Freslin.
 This was near enough for his employees to live in the second-largest city of Cloudy Curtain and commute to the Mech Nursery every day. It was also far enough away from the city that attack on the Mech Nursery would not pull in innocent bystanders.
 Melkor swiped his finger at the star-shaped walls of the Mech Nursery. "The Vesians have come to raid our location, so they won’t be wasting time on whittling us down. Standard Vesian doctrine calls for concentrating their force and breaching our defense line in a single powerful push. This strategy works well enough against most company-own premises."
 Inside the complex, Sanyal-Ablin’s mechs and weapon emplacements formed a stiff defense, especially against missiles and aerial threats.
 "We’ve got a lot of turrets."
 "Don’t depend on them to repel two entire companies of Vesian mechs. They’re mostly employed for anti-air duty. If the Vesians are stupid enough to fly a mech over our heads, every turret will be able to draw a bead on such an exposed target."
 It was a little more problematic for the turrets to target landbound mechs. In addition, they made for very obvious targets. Their complete lack of mobility easily turned them into punching bags for agile mechs that could dodge the incoming turret fire.
 "Well, the Vesians won’t drop down on top of us at the very least." Ves consoled himself. "So if I’m reading this map correctly, the SASS mechs will hold the wall while the Whaler reinforcements will wait at the outskirts of Freslin?"
 "That’s correct. The Whalers are obliged to defend their citizens first in case the Vesians split. If the raiding force doesn’t decide to hit Freslin, then the Whaler mechs will be departing in our direction and hit the Vesians from the flanks."
 That sounded identical to what the Oodis Mudriders requested. The difference was that Ves knew that the quality of the mech pilots from the Whalers precluded them from being employed in the most difficult position.
 "I see. That’s why you’re so adamant that the Oodis Mudriders join the Sanyal-Ablin mechs on the walls. We don’t have too many front-facing resistance otherwise."
 Melkor nodded his head but let out a breath in concern. "Really Ves, you could have spent more time and resources on bolstering your defences. Rushing the construction of the Mech Nursery helped a lot, but the base builders haven’t completely finished building all of the systems that makes this complex defensible."
 "Well, I can’t help the timing of the 3rd Imodris Legion. Who is leading that unit?"
 "A descendant of the Duchess of Imodris named Lady Amalia. She’s young and way down the line of suggestion, so she’s certainly set out to make a name for herself."
 That sounded really bad for Cloudy Curtain and the rest of the Bentheim region. Two types of leaders typically took charge of the Vesian legions. The most common type would be career officers, who mostly inherited the position from their parents. They were much like the Larkinsons in that they possessed a strong military heritage.
 It was the other type of leader that posed a huge threat to the LMC. Mech legions led by ambitious heirs often did whatever it took to earn military merits. At the highest level of non-royal nobility, the fight to inherit a dukedom often led to lots of tears.
 "Okay, if it’s someone like Lady Amalia, then we can expect the Vesian raiding force won’t be cowed by our defenses." Ves recalled the few instances where he witnessed the Vesians in battle.
 One particular moment stood out. It was when the fleets of the Mech Legion and Mech Corps temporary banded together to escape the Glowing Planet. Once they shook off the pirates, their fleeting reticence quickly dissolved, and both sides started slinging punches at each other without any regard for caution.
 Melkor laid down the most pressing issue. "Twenty-four mechs from Sanyal-Ablin will hold the walls. The squad of mechs under my command will stay back as a reserve. The thirty mechs sent by the Whalers will approach the Vesians from the direction of Freslin once they’ve committed to the assault."
 That amounted to sixty-three mechs, which sounded deceptively impressive. In truth, Ves would be a fool to assume they would all be completely willing to commit to the fight.
 The Whaler mechs especially formed the most unstable element. They could only be used as a distraction as best.
 The Vesians definitely wouldn’t expose any weaknesses for them to exploit. While their nobles often fought among themselves, their individual unit cohesion was extremely high.
 Therefore, the lynchpin of the defense of the Mech Nursery rested on the role of the Oodis Mudriders.
 "Will the Oodis Mudriders really be useful if they stand the line?"
 "Definitely. Don’t mistake them for being only good for skirmishing maneuvers. A mercenary corps of that caliber won’t leave any gaps in the training of their mech pilots. Besides, the Mech Nursery’s premises are large enough that they can still run around as much as they want to inside our defensive perimeter."
 "Alright, so they’ll definitely be useful if they defend the Mech Nursery from the inside. But won’t they be more effective if we accept Commander Husaan’s request to let them range outside the perimeter?"
 Melkor conceded that point. "That’s true, but this isn’t a situation where everyone gets what they want. The Vesians are upon us in less than half a standard day, and we only have so many mechs to go around. You have to realize that the Vesians will attempt to breach the walls in a single go with all they got. It’s vitally important we contain that initial push, and that requires a lot more than the twenty-four mechs than what Sanyal-Ablin is offering."
 "Well, we’ve also got the Avatars of Myth."
 "Ves, don’t tell me what to do." Melkor curtly rebuked Ves. "Even though the Vesians are likely to employ the direct approach, there’s always the chance they’ll sneak around or pull of something else. A reserve is always needed to provide against contingencies, and they also need to be some of our best and most reliable people. No one else but my Avatars can fulfill this role."
 This left a fairly bleak picture for the Mech Nursery’s defense. Melkor truly convinced him of the necessity to leash the Mudriders to the walls. Commander Husaan and the rest of the mercenaries wouldn’t be glad to hear that, but the mercenary contract they signed with the LMC didn’t leave them many options for refusal.
 "Seeing as you’ve failed to convince them, I guess I’ll go ahead and talk to Commander Husaan myself." Ves replied and turned to leave the command center. "Do you have any suggestions on how to handle the Mudriders?"
 "They’re a disgraced mercenary corps. Those who remained care a lot about their own honor. As career mercenaries, the thing they hate the most is retiring in ignomy with a permanent black mark on their records. Maybe you can use their honor against them. I’m not the most silver-tongued person, so I haven’t been able to do that myself. I hope you have better luck."
 "Hah." Ves smirked. "As if I’m any better. It’s more like my mouth is made of wood."
 The appearance of a Vesian raiding force into the quiet star system of Cloudy Curtain sparked an enormous panic. The only inhabited planet of the system turned into a beehive of activity.
 With a population of less than twenty million, the people of Cloudy Curtain never really paid attention to what went on in the stars.
 The planet was content to ignore the galaxy, and the galaxy in turn left it alone. Its status as an agricultural backwater always caused others to overlook Cloudy Curtain as a place of importance. In the previous wars between the Republic and the Kingdom, the aggressive Vesians always seemed to overlook this tiny planet in favor of the much more attention-grabbing Bentheim System.
 In any case, if the Vesians ever succeeded in conquering the Bentheim System, the peripheral star systems around this core location would automatically fall in the Vesian hands without another shot.
 Therefore, the sudden appearance of the Republic’s eternal boogeymen in the Cloudy Curtain System of all places caused an enormous ripple effect among the populace. Many sleepy citizens didn’t even know what to do in the event of an emergency, which was something unthinkable in a crisis-ridden place like Bentheim.
 With millions of people running around like headless chickens, a number of influential organizations forcefully took charge.
 The Planetary Assembly was not among them. During a crisis of life and death, no one paid attention to the local politicians. In recent times, the ruling coalition had taken a large hit in popularity. Their stranglehold on local politics was a thing of the past.
 Nevertheless, The Greens and the White Doves never relented in their public criticism of the Pioneers, the LMC and Ves. The White Doves in particular rightfully argued that they had warned the people for years.
 "I told you so! What was Mr. Larkinson thinking for setting up a giant mech plant on our peaceful planet?!"
 "Say NO to mechs! Tell the LMC to blow up their entire factory before the Vesians land! Don’t give them a reason to lay waste to our cities!"
 "The war has nothing to do with us! Brighter, Vesian, I don’t care what I call myself. Just leave us alone!"
 "The immigration authorities lied to us! I thought this was one of the safest planets in the Komodo Star Sector. I wanted a quiet retirement, not a first-class seat to a mech battle!"
 Most of these voices came from the capital planet of Orinoco, which in recent times became a bulwark for the previous status quo. The businesses and influential people who congregated there purposefully amplified the voices of the discontent.
 On the other side of the planet, Freslin, which had become a lively city of mech enthusiasts, fought back with their own words.
 "You fricking cowards! The Republic should have you shot for your treasonous words!"
 "News flash, dumbasses, mechs are prevalent in every corner in the galaxy! No matter how hard you try to bury your head in the sands, there’s no way you can avoid bumping into mechs!"
 "Millions of Republican mech pilots have fought and bled to preserve your freedom, and you want us to roll over and destroy our own mech builders on our own accord? You should be ashamed of yourselves!"
 "I don’t know about you, but the Vesians are the enemy, not one of our own! If you’re so eager to lend them a hand, then go tumble out of the Bright Republic this instant!"
 The raucous debate grew superheated even as the Vesian combat carriers neared the divided planet.
 For some reason, the Republican Commissioner remained mum and did not face the public in order to advocate for calm and solidarity. With the critical absence of the only figure on the planet that could unite both sides, the contradictions between the two sides widened to an extreme.
 In the middle of this debate, the response of Walter’s Whalers revealed their stance on this issue. As the only organization on the planet with a substantial amount of mechs, they had a responsibility to defend the citizens against unbridled Vesian slaughter.
 According to the social compact between the Republic and the gangs, the latter would only be obligated to fight if the Vesians ran out of control and unscrupulously harmed civilian targets.
 As a mech manufacturer, the LMC fell outside of this consideration, as every business of this nature was by definition a military target. This meant that nothing forced the Whalers to defend the LMC’s new partially underground megacomplex.
 However, Walter himself released a statement professing friendship and support to the local mech company. They decreased the amount of mechs stationed around Orinoco, stating somewhat correctly that Orinoco did not hold anything worth destroying by the Vesians.
 Naturally, all of the pampered politicians and magnates in Orinoco howled loudly at the Whalers, to no avail. The Whalers operated mostly outside the jurisdiction of the local government, so they had absolutely no reason to listen to the instructions of a bunch of self-absorbed fat cats.
 Along with the Whalers, the Pioneers also provided a crucial amount of leadership and support in these trying times. They mobilized thousands of volunteers to reassure the inhabitants of Freslin and stem the outbreak of panic and hysteria.
 "Hold together, people! We are not alone! Hold yourself together and don’t forget that we are part of the Republic!"
 Once the initial confusion subsided, the citizens of Cloudy Curtain began to make their preparations. Several emergency services came together and formed coordinated response plans.
 They also wiped the dust from the almost-forgotten emergency shelters that had been built just after the founding of the planet. Even though many of the systems had rusted away or fallen into disrepair, the emergency services brought them back to minimal functionality and opened them up to the public to take shelter.
 Many more inspiring moments occurred in the hours leading up to the Vesian arrival. Doom mingled with hope in equal measure as Cloudy Curtain faced its first true test against adversity in centuries.
 At ground zero of this event, Ves just stepped out of the bunker and thought of something great. He abruptly turned his body and regarded a floating Lucky with a gleam in his eyes.
 "Hey Lucky, you can turn intangible whenever you want, right?"
 "Meow?"
 "So why not do me a favor and wipe out the raiding force? You can pass straight into their cockpits and kill the vulnerable pilots with ease!"
 "Meow! Meow!"
 Lucky very avidly shook his head, which caused Ves to frown. What was the problem? The plan sounded perfect!
 "You can’t, or you won’t?"
 "Meeeow!"
 "Why can’t you do what I just described? What’s limiting you?"
 "Meow meow meow!"
 It was times like these that Ves wished the gem cat came with a human vocalizer. Many artificial pets possessed the ability to speak in a human language. It helped a lot with kids. However, Lucky somehow lacked this function. Ves spent over five minutes trying to communicate with his pet.
 "So not only does it take a lot of energy to pass through mech armor, you can’t maintain your intangible state if subjected to extreme amounts of kinetic or thermal energy?"
 "Meoooow!"
 Vs always thought that Lucky could maintain his intangible state without limits, but even that turned out to be too good to be true. Lucky always expended a certain amount of energy and processing power to maintain the state. Both of them spiked whenever the cat faced a major disturbance, such as getting shot at by projectiles and lasers.
 This wouldn’t be too bad if Lucky got shot at by infantry weapons. Guns of that scale only led to minor stress.
 Mech-scaled weapons were a different matter entirely. They unleashed so much energy that Lucky could only last a few seconds if targeted directly by such an awesome amount of firepower.
 Once Ves found out about these limitations, he changed his mind about pushing Lucky in a direct combat role. Instead, he wanted Lucky to stick close to him until the Vesians arrived.
 "After they begin their attack, try and see if you can sneak inside a vulnerable mech in the periphery and pick off its pilot."
 "Meow meow meow!"
 Lucky made it clear that it took a lot of effort to do such a thing, as Lucky found it very difficult to pass through the armor and working systems of an active mech. He could only take care of three or four mechs in this manner before needing replenishment.
 "Three or four mechs are enough. We can use all the help we can get."
 Besides Lucky, Ves also planned to go into action once the Vesians breached the walls and attempted to smash through the tunnels that led to the underground floors. With a clever application of his Full Stealth augment, he might be able to unleash a full-powered laser beam from the Amastendira.
 "It’s better if Melkor wields the Amestendira, but he can do more with a mech than with a pistol."
 Ves did not trust any of the security officers who worked for Sanyal-Ablin with the precious laser pistol. Thus, for lack of a better alternative, he planned to keep hold of the Amastendira and use it himself if he found the right opportunity.
 The recent shooting practice he got when he played the lottery at the crystal city refined his handling of the pistol. Though his marksmanship could not be compared with a professional soldier, he could at least shoot straight at a stationary target or a giant moving mech.
 After taking stock of his own situation, Ves resumed his journey towards the Mudriders. When he arrived at their mech stables, Commander Husaan took him aside again and looked at him with a hopeful expression.
 Ves did not have good news for him. "Melkor has apprised me of the situation. While I’m not an expert in these matters, I trust his judgement. We need more mechs at the front. If your mechs can bolster the mechs of Sanyal-Ablin, we can blunt the Vesian charge and force them to reconsider the merits of attacking the Mech Nursery."
 "This is a gross misuse of the Mudriders!" Husaan instantly protested. "Let us range outside, and I’ll promise you that you won’t regret it!"
 Unspoken in the mercenary commander’s words was that if Ves insisted otherwise, that he might regret his decision. Ves took note of the commander’s tone but remained firm.
 "You signed a defense contract with us. I skimmed over it along the way and it states quite clearly that while you have operational command over your forces, you still have to deploy them according to the needs of your employer. Now, as your employer, I’m telling you that you are needed at the walls, not away from them. I won’t brook any further argument on this issue."
 Although Commander Husaan was at least twice as old as Ves and experienced countless of conflicts, he still felt a sliver of a threat from the mech designer’s tone. The mercenary leader turned grim.
 "The contract also states that the Mudriders still reserve the right to refuse any unlawful or suicidal orders."
 "Don’t kid yourself. This isn’t a suicidal act. We aren’t facing the full might of the 3rd Imodris Legion! They just threw two companies of mechs at us as an afterthought. Their raid on our facility is just an afterthought! As long as you work together with us, I’m sure we can succeed in fending off the Vesians!"
 "We can’t!" Husaan shouted back at Ves. "The Mudriders have been through hell and back, and we’ve changed beyond recognition! One more trip back to hell will break our men. I’m not sure there will be anything left of the Mudriders if I announce your plan to my mech pilots."
 Ves stood silently in front of the mercenary commander with a grim expression. He could not afford any further compromises. Not when it concerned the well-being of his company.
 "Are you a mercenary or a crybaby? I’m not so sure, because you sound a lot like the latter."
 Commander Husaan looked indignant at Ves. He tightly gripped his fists. The two fell into an impasse. The fate of the LMC and the Oodis Mudriders both rested on who yielded first.
 The two argued back and forth but they largely repeated the same arguments. Ves hadn’t been able to come up with a compelling argument to convince the Mudriders to partake in the defense with all their heart, so Ves simply chose to be firm and unyielding.
 Certainly, he felt a little bad about the Oodis Mudriders, but compared to his own benefits, why should he care about the well-being of some random mercenaries?
 "Are you not a mercenary?" Ves pressed, having just reminded himself of Melkor’s advice. "Do you still wish for the Oodis Mudriders to exist after this assignment? If the Mech Nursery falls, your mercenary corps is ruined. You’ll lose every opportunity to clear your records of your black marks."
 Commander Husaan frowned. "Is the alternative any better? You’re throwing us to the meat grinder!"
 "That’s because you signed up for this job! You wanted to prove your valor, right? Then do so! Proving your courage means you should stand up to adversity when everyone else tells you to run away! It’s disgraceful of you to hear you try so hard to shirk your duty. Do you need a reminder on what a high-risk assignment entails? It’s not a walk in the park, for heaven’s sake!"
 "Even if you’re right, you are going too far with this! You are not our commanding officer. Your word isn’t law! Don’t think that I won’t dare to pull my forces out of this deathtrap of a complex if I think you’re about to throw away our lives!"
 "If the Mech Corps hears about your words, they’ll scoff at them. The nature of combat doesn’t allow us the privilege of choosing our battles. The Vesians are spoiling for a fight. So what? Countless pilots of the Mech Corps are doing their duties right now without any complaint! If they can step up, why don’t you?"
 "That’s because the Mech Corps enjoy the best training and the best equipment! Their mechs are all top-notch machines while my Mudriders are working with five to ten year old mechs!"
 "Boohoo. I’ve seen your mechs. You can’t fool a mech designer’s eyes. Your mech models are all robust designs. They’ve got plenty of life in them yet!"
 "And we’ll risk losing most of them before the end of the week if we cash head-on against the Mech legion!"
 Obviously, Ves did not manage to shake Commander Husaan’s position. After a brief moment of silence, Ves decided to resort to the carrot rather than the stick.
 "If the Mudriders do this for my, I won’t skimp on the rewards."
 "We’re already entitled to the highest class of hazard pay as well as compensation for any damage we might incur. Still, no matter how much money you throw at us, it won’t make the dead come back to life."
 "I’m not talking about more money. How about receiving a couple of exclusive mechs in exchange?"
 "Are you kidding me?" Husaan began to turn his back to Ves.
 "Wait a minute! These aren’t your average mechs!" Ves quickly followed up on his statement. "You must have heard about the LMC and its latest model, right? The Blackbeak’s characteristics fits perfectly with the Mudriders. It’s mobile, resilient and doesn’t require frequent resupply. I’ll personally fabricate two top-tier gold label Blackbeaks for your mercenary corps."
 Although it sounded ridiculous that Ves attempted to bribe Husaan with a couple of mechs, the mercenary commander couldn’t help but halt in his tracks. He knew about the renown of the Blackbeaks. They were excellent mech models and their quality surpassed the machines that the Mudriders currently employed.
 Two mechs might not sound like much, but the rarity and status of any gold label mech from the LMC could not be belittled. Ves worked hard to elevate the value of his handcrafted mechs exactly for moments like this. Commander Husaan knew what kind of treasure that Ves was offering.
 "I’ll also add in one of the first copies of the laser rifleman mech that’s currently in development. I can’t say too much about the design, except that it shares most of the traits of the Blackbeak and will certainly outclass any of your current rifleman mechs."
 As much as Commander Husaan acted tough, every mercenary was a mech geek at some level. They passionately slobbered over mechs and could talk in detail about them to their fellow mercenaries. They favored different brands and followed the exploits of various famous mech designers.
 As an up-and-coming mech designer, Ves hadn’t managed to build a huge following outside of Cloudy Curtain, but his talent was more than evident from the meteoric rise of the LMC.
 This might not be so important to Husaan personally, but he did not think about his own benefits.
 Rather, he thought about how owning three prestigious mechs would affect the renown of the Oodis Mudriders.
 Outfits that owned and flaunted rare and valuable mechs attracted a lot of attention, for good and ill, but mostly the former. Husaan fell silent as he thought about how he could use the gold label mechs as an opportunity to revive the Mudriders after surviving this assignment.
 He could already see it now. With the surge of interest from the possession of the exclusive mechs, the Mudriders could easily replenish its ranks even if most of the new hires would never be able to pilot the valuable machines. In effect, their combat effectiveness only played a secondary role compared to their fame. It was enough to treat them as mascots.
 Husaan looked at Ves with a speculative look, but the mech designer kept his expression neutral and composed.
 Ves did not open his mouth again because he did not want to fall into a trap. It did not cost the company a lot of resources to fabricate those mechs for the Mudriders. That did not mean that Ves was eager to fall into a one-man bidding war and be forced to raise his offer to a ludicrous level.
 Three mechs was enough.
 He did not know what Husaan was thinking about, but the man offered up his hand for a shake. "Deal."
 After Ves left the mech stables, he silently sighed in relief. He only went out on a limb there. Although he could have raised the price if Husaan remained stubborn, even he had his limits.
 It was an extremely unpleasant experience to be blackmailed by the mercenaries that you had already hired. The Mercenary Association heavily frowned upon what happened just then, although exchanges that happened under the table always took place anyway. This was one thing that no rule or regulation could abolish.
 In any case, while Commander Husaan placed a lot of importance on those three mechs, the bureaucrats of the Mercenary Association would likely swipe away the report within the blink of an eye. After all, it was just three mechs. Ves might as well offer a fruit basket instead.
 Just after Ves left the mech stables of the Mudriders, a lot of shouting and movement erupted from the place. Even if Commander Husaan let himself be pursuaded by Ves, it was another challenge entirely to convince the rest of his men to go along with Melkor’s defense plans.
 Ves left them to it and returned to the command center. Men and women dutifully labored to bring the Mech Nursery’s defensive measures up to full readiness. While Sanyal-Ablin controlled most of the defensive systems, a handful of other functions remained in control of Ves and his forces.
 Melkor looked up from a projection of an intricate battle simulation. It showed a large amount of miniature Vesian mechs punch through the outnumbered mechs from Sanyal-Ablin and begin to divide and surround each separate group of mechs.
 Meanwhile, the mechs outside the base that represented the Whalers and the Mudriders stood in place, well away from the fight. They never moved forward for a single instant during the entire battle.
 The simulation painted a very grim picture of what would happen.
 "Ves." Melkor raised his head with a hopeful expression. "How did your talks go with Commander Husaan? Did he relent on his stance?"
 "It took some convincing, and I also had to throw in an incentive, but he finally agreed to station his mechs at the front."
 "Thank you! You’ve been a lifesaver for me! That’s just what I needed!"
 With the tentative cooperation of the Oodis Mudriders, the defenses at the walls stood a much better chance of surviving the initial push. Melkor showed Ves of how the battle might play out.
 "If the Vesians stick to the most convenient strategy in their playbook, although I have to mention that there’s no guarantee they’ll stick ot it, then our job will be to put up enough of a fight to make them reconsider."
 Ves picked up on the distinction between Melkor’s words. "You don’t think there’s any hope we can defeat the Vesians?"
 "Impossible. All the evidence we’ve gathered suggests that the 3rd Imodris Legion is a standard Vesian Legion. That means that their mechs are designed and built to military standards and their mech pilots went through strict, systematic training. There’s no way they’ll expose any flaws for us to exploit. We have to beat them fair and square."
 The problem with beating them fair and square was that the Mech Legion specialized in those kinds of fights much more than irregular mech outfits.
 "So if we can’t defeat them, we just try to bleed them as much as we can in the hope they get scared of all the blood they lose?"
 "Essentially, that’s the plan." Melkor nodded without shame. "It’s a different story if the Mech Corps is stationed here, but all we have are a handful of disparate mech forces, and we’re still outnumbered to boot as well. The only factor that’s in our favor is that the Vesians won’t be setting out for a fight to the death. They only want to do a quick smash and run attack."
 Ves nodded. "We’re not important enough to force them to sustain massive losses. Now that I think about it, it’s already generous for the Vesians to send out two mech companies to destroy only three mech production lines. In their eyes, we are targets of opportunity."
 "Exactly so. The 3rd Imodris Legion is hitting over twenty star systems at a time. They aren’t necessarily out to inflict massive damage to our industries. They are attempting to put a dilemma on the Mech Corps forces stationed in the Bentheim System. Will they move out to reinforce the besieged star systems? Will they split up to help each system at once, and risk getting ambushed, or will they choose to abandon some systems in favor of more strategic ones?"
 All of them posed very interesting questions, but Ves left the problem for the higher ups of the Mech Corps to come up with a response. Ves knew well enough that Cloudy Curtain ranked at the bottom of their priorities. He could not count on the Mech Corps to provide any timely assistance.
 Ves studied the simulation along with Melkor. With the help of the Mudriders, the Vesians mechs had a much harder time trying to penetrate inside the complex. However, the simulation turned a little fuzzy then, which indicated that the AIs found it difficult to predict what would happen next.
 Melkor slammed his fist against the tabletop. "This buggy system!"
 "Even if the AIs could make up their minds, we can’t rely on their results, Melkor. It’s all up to fate right now."
 "You’re right." He sighed. "I predict that the Vesians have to sustain up to twenty percent losses to make them reconsider their raid. They won’t shy away before then, because they’re trained to accept adverse losses in the course of their duties. Their willpower can’t be shaken. We can only hope their commander is rational enough to weigh the risk of further losses just to smash a single manufacturing complex."
 With those words, Ves left Melkor with the final planning. Ves did not have much to bring to the table. Before the Vesians made their landing and revealed their mechs, Ves could not even use his expertise as a mech designer to identify any potential weak points.
 Ves returned to his office and helped coordinate the evacuation of personnel and the buttoning down of various valuable equipment.
 Everyone moved to prepare for the incoming raid. Over ten hours went by in relative quiet, only to be broken when the planet’s perennial cloud cover momentarily parted to make room for a large number of mech transports.
 The Vesians descended from orbit.
 The combat carriers possessed the capability to descend from orbit and land on any planet with a standard amount of gravity. That did not mean they did it all the time. Any ship that landed on a planet became a sitting duck. Therefore, the Vesian combat carriers remained in orbit and instead sent out smaller transport ships that conveyed the mechs to the surface.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 One peculiar nature about Cloudy Curtain was its ever-present cloud cover. The clouds not only blocked vision, but various other signals as well, so the Vesians wouldn’t be able to coordinate between their space and ground forces very well.
 However, this did not hinder their operations too much, as Cloudy Curtain itself hosted numerous quantum entanglement nodes that maintained contact with the wider galaxy, which could all be hacked in many ways. The Vesians also deployed floating comm buoys to maintain secure lines of communication.
 Most of the transports predictably flew towards Freslin. However, two transports deviated from the rest and headed towards Orinoco.
 "How many mechs do these transports carry?" Ves asked as he stood besides Melkor in the command center.
 His cousin carefully studied the models and also looked up the details on the galactic net. "This particular model normally carries six mechs. The Vesians apparently don’t think much of us if they feel confident enough to hit two targets at the same time."
 Both of them found the Vesian decision to be an unexpected gift. Their odds of withstanding the Vesian push drastically increased with the absence of those twelve-or-so enemy mechs.
 "Will the Vesians wait for those mechs to finish up in Orinoco before attacking the Mech Nursery?"
 "They shouldn’t be." Melkor mused. "You have to be aware that the Vesian raiding force has already entered this system for more than half a day. The Mech Corps already knows about them and will free up a response force sooner or later. The Vesians don’t want to stick around for too long. I predict they will only stay for two or three days at most."
 Raiding forces only came equipped to attack rear echelon facilities. Neither their mechs or pilots could compare to the best of what the 3rd Imodris Legion had to offer. Furthermore, they also lacked the supplies to fight an extended drawn-out engagement.
 Their plan was to get in and out as fast as possible, doing as much damage along the way as they could.
 As a detachment of the Vesian raiders flew towards Orinoco, the citizens of the capital city panicked. Walter’s Whalers practically left the city undefended, and only a handful of influential organizations maintained a loose collection of mechs.
 These mechs would not be able to pose a threat at all. The strong pacifist tradition among the old elite discouraged any meaningful investment into forming a proper standing force of mechs. Some mechs even looked severely outdated to the point where only grandfathers and grandmothers could identify their exact model on sight.
 The impending arrival of the Vesians at Orinoco led to a fierce discussion among the upper echelon. Representatives of the ruling coalition, the local businesses and the farming consortiums all gathered together to discuss potential countermeasures.
 "I don’t see why the two biggest consortiums are content to look on from afar! I know you guys have built up a secret force of mechs! This should be the best time to make use of them!"
 "Those are slanderous rumors! We are peaceful farming consortiums. The war has nothing to do with us! It is categorically impossible for us to send out any mechs, because we don’t have any in the first place!"
 "Why are we arguing among ourselves when we don’t even have any mechs to send out? Why do we not meet with the Whalers and attempt a reconciliation?"
 "Are you kidding? They’ll rob us blind if we attempt to negotiate with those thugs and brutes! Let us announce a widespread evacuation and hide out in the wilderness. The Vesians may be able to do an enormous amount of material damage, but we can always rebuild after they leave."
 "My businesses will be ruined if the Vesians have free reign in Orinoco!"
 As the different interest groups in Orinoco tried and failed to come to a consensus, a series of thunderous explosions happened outside. The force of the explosions shook the floor and even unsettled the footing of the people in the conference room.
 A door slammed open as a security officer hastily entered the gathering. "Sirs! Massive explosions have destroyed the spaceport, the planetary assembly building, various storage yards and the headquarters of the five biggest companies in Orinoco. An anonymous message has only given the occupants two minutes of time to evacuate before the bombs set off!"
 Several people looked at each other with a stricken expression. "Awful!"
 The sudden chaos plunged the capital city in a full-blown pandemonium. People panicked and ran in every direction.
 The Vesians spotted the destruction as well. Seeing that most of their strategic targets blew up on their own accord, the two transport ships that previously headed to Orinoco changed course and joined the main raiding force to Freslin instead.
 Just this act alone revealed the motives of the explosions. By destroying the most valuable structures in and around the capital city ahead of time, the Vesians had no more reason to stop by.
 "Who is responsible for those bombs!? Don’t they know what they’ve done! This is naked treason!"
 "Whoever destroyed my headquarters will pay!"
 The consequences of such an act was very severe, but whoever bombed those places managed to accomplish their goal of diverting the Vesians away from their city. After all, if they didn’t persuade the enemy transports to change course, the Imodris mechs may have decided to destroy a lot of other infrastructure as well.
 While certain people in Orinoco sighed in relief, others in Freslin looked furious. In the command center, Ves looked grim.
 "I knew it was too good to be true. It looks like we’ll be facing the full force of the Vesians after all."
 Unlike Ves, Melkor couldn’t accept what had happened. As a bona fide Larkinson and a former cadet of the Mech Corps, he found the self-sabotaging actions of the bombers to be a profound betrayal of what it meant to be a citizen of the Bright Republic.
 "The Mech Corps won’t take this lying down! They’ll certainly investigate the bombings after this is over!"
 "I know you’re angry, Melkor, but this isn’t the time to focus your attention on those bastards hiding in Orinoco. We have to get ready to meet the Vesians."
 The two lagging transports that previously headed towards Orinoco caught up to the main formation that flew towards Freslin. A tense hour went by as the transports reached a flat and uninhabited plain well outside Freslin. The Vesians deployed jammers at that moment, making detailed observation impossible with the equipment at hand.
 "They’ve set down around forty kilometers away from our base." Melkor noted as he changed the center projection to a plot of the local terrain. "After their mechs embark from the transports, there is a chance they will stop by Freslin first. However, it doesn’t have anything in particular worth destroying, so it’s likely they’ll go for the Mech Nursery as soon as they are deployed."
 It did not take long for the Vesians mechs to move. After a brief period of organization, over eighty-five mechs set off in the direction of the Mech Nursery. Long-ranged sensors hidden in the forests around the Mech Nursery caught the broad strokes of the Vesian movements, but lacked the power and sophistication to observe any detailed information such as the type and models of the individual mechs.
 "Eighty-five mechs is more formidable than we thought." Ves frowned as all of the readings tentatively concluded there was definitely more than eighty mechs on the move.
 "The numbers are never exact. The amount of mechs in a standard Vesian company always fluctuates for some reason or another. Forty mechs is just a guideline."
 The addition of five additional mechs mattered a lot to the defenders. It meant that they might have to beat at least five mechs more in order to make the Vesian commander lose heart in his raid.
 If some unknown organization hadn’t decided to blow up Orinoco ahead of time, then the Mech Nursery wouldn’t have faced more than seventy-five mechs. Melkor couldn’t help but boil up inside at the thought.
 Still, he finally managed to get a grip. He adjusted his visor on his head, which maintained a blue glow for now. He started to issue some commands, directing most of the mechs from Sanyal-Ablin and the Mudriders to man the section of walls that faced the incoming threat.
 The projected plot showed several dots moving into place. Most of them congregated at or behind the walls in spread out patterns several lines deep. Other mechs stationed themselves in the center or on the other sides of the walls.
 "What’s going on right now?" Ves asked.
 "Before the Vesians come into range, they’ll definitely try to soften us up."
 It didn’t take too long for Melkor’s prediction to arrive. A swarm of missiles approached the Mech Nursery from a great distance. The Vesians had staggered the launches of the missiles so they would all arrive at their target at roughly the same instant.
 "How many missiles?" Melkor barked to a sensor operator working behind a nearby console.
 "Five-thousand missiles sir! They are all of a light design!"
 Both Ves and Melkor relaxed a little. Light missiles packed the least amount of punch. That was not to say that they didn’t feel threatened by the swarm of missiles, but at least it did not match their worst fears.
 "Inform Sanyal-Ablin and every rifleman mech to intercept the missiles."
 "Done sir, though Sanyal-Ablin says they’ve already moved."
 Even though Melkor acted like a base commander, the truth was that none of the forces defending the Mech Nursery answered to him. Except for the Avatars of Myth, every other outfit involved in the defense listened to their own commanders.
 That was why Ves considered Melkor to be a coordinator instead of a commander in this battle. He could only make suggestions that others might not follow up upon if they thought they knew better or if it harmed their interests.
 "The upcoming battle hinges on the Mudriders." Melkor explained. "The mech pilots of Sanyal-Ablin are professional enough to do their duty, but your friends from the Whalers need a lot of encouragement in order to convince them to attack the Vesians from their flank. If the Mudriders can’t hold off the initial push, everything else will fall apart."
 "I’m confident Commander Husaan knows what’s best for his mercenary corps, but I’m not sure if all of his mech pilots follow suit. Last I heard, a big argument erupted at their mech stables."
 They no longer had any time to do anything about it. With the Vesians about to arrive at their doorsteps, they needed to trust in the measures they already prepared.
 At this time, the high-flying missiles finally arced into view of the Mech Nursery.
 At this time, the manufacturing complex had retracted almost all of the non-essential structures underneath the ground. The only structures that remained above ground consisted of defense measures.
 The turrets grabbed the most attention. Over a hundred different turrets installed and control by Sanyal-Ablin automatically swiveled towards the incoming swarm of missiles before unleashing a rain of lasers and projectiles.
 The anti-air fire struck a lot of missiles, but plenty more made it past the initial volleys. Even as the missile swarm visibly decreased, too much had been sent their way. Less than a thousand made it through and began to impact the entire surface of the inner perimeter.
 Ves didn’t look to worried at the explosions happening above his head. Most of the missiles landed on empty soil or impacted the walls and reinforcement enclosures that sheltered the defending mechs.
 "Sanyal-Ablin’s ECM is top-notch." Melkor nodded in satisfaction. "Over ninety percent of the missiles have been led astray. As expected of a subsidiary of a faction from a second-rate state."
 Perhaps the Vesians hadn’t expected the missiles to end up damaging barriers and clumps of dirt, because the eighty-five Vesian mechs suddenly slowed down their pace.
 "They’re beginning to realize we might not be the pushovers they thought we were." Melkor guessed what went on in the enemy’s minds. "After all, hardly any company invests so much of their resources into fortifying their manufacturing complexes."
 The two Larkinsons waited with baited breath at what the Vesians would do next.
 The Vesian mech force unexpectedly paused in their approach. Neither Ves nor Melkor knew why, but they could make a guess.
 "Haven’t the Vesians gathered intelligence about the Mech Nursery?" Ves asked with a puzzle tone. "Surely they must have known what they were about to face?"
 "They might not have done their due diligence. In their eyes, the LMC is just a regular up-and-coming mech manufacturer with only two years of history at most. Can you say that every mech manufacturer is able to erect such a massive defensive installation as the Mech Nursery in such a brief amount of time?"
 Definitely not. Anyone who casually read his background would know that Ves only possesses a distant backer. Being a nominal disciple to a Master Mech Designer did not afford him a lot of protection regarding these situations. Some Masters even apprenticed thousands of mech designers at once and only instructed them casually if they spared the time for them in the first place.
 In any case, the amount of growth he experienced in recent times was very much out of the norm for an Apprentice Mech Designer of his age and background. Now that the Vesians became aware that they faced something other than a pushover, they must have paused to reassess their plans.
 "It’s too bad their commander is prudent enough to interrupt their approach." Melkor shook his head. "I would have preferred if whoever is leading them is overconfident. That way, it’s easier to spring them into our traps."
 "We can’t have everything. At least we’ve increased their apprehension to us."
 "Not really. The Vesians still won’t think much of us once they find out how many mechs are defending this place. They still outnumbered us by a comfortable margin."
 It only took about ten minutes for the Vesians to make their move. This time, the main formation of mechs remained in place while over twenty mechs started to sweep forward in different directions.
 "Damn! They’re being especially careful now."
 The maneuver revealed that the commander of the Imodris raiding force wanted to scout out their target before they made their next moves. It was the safest and most considerate action to take, and it did not take that much time to gather intel as the Mech Nursery was only so large.
 Just as they stared at the plot which kept track of the approaching enemy scouts, Melkor suddenly received a comm request. He accepted it, causing a projection of Husaan’s face to appear next to the central projector.
 "The Vesians have sent out their scouts. Let us out of the walls, and we’ll hunt them down! We’re fast enough to catch at least a third of them off-guard!"
 "No." Melkor immediately replied. "Remain in place. The Vesians may be dangling some bait in order to draw us out. Let them come to us."
 "...Understood."
 Ves scratched his head. "Isn’t it better to deal with the scouts now that they’ve separated from the main body? This is a good opportunity to whittle down their numbers."
 "Do you think the Vesians are that easy to fool? Don’t trust what the sensors are telling you. I bet this stationary group of mechs here have already started moving elsewhere. And those dots that depict solitary mechs might be accompanied by four or five more mechs each."
 "Ah." Ves realized Melkor’s point. The Vesians might have already been aware of the sensors placed in their surroundings. If they knew that others spied on their mechs, they would have deployed their own countermeasures. "But how will we know where they are if we can’t trust this plot?"
 "We wait until they arrive. As long as we don’t take the bait, they’ll eventually give up on their tricks and resort to the direct approach."
 A tense hour passed as the Imodris Legion scouts came into visual view of the Mech Nursery. The high walls blocked most of their direct vision, but that hardly halted their attempts to observe the defensive measures of the base as most of their sensors did not need line of sight to work. Merely getting close enough was sufficient.
 Melkor tasked a couple of marksmen to shoot at the scouts whenever they thought they could pull off a shot. While most of them missed, they successfully curbed the brazenness of the scouts.
 Not once did Melkor command anyone to go out and hunt down the scouts. Sanyal-Ablin’s mechs consisted of mediumweight models that specialised in defense. They could never catch up to the light mechs.
 Only the Oodis Mudriders might have been able to do so, considering that a fair chunk of their forces consisted of light mechs. In truth, these light mechs did not make for good defenders, but Melkor was deeply unwilling to pull them away from their walls. Their light firepower might mean the difference between victory or defeat.
 After the scouting phase ended and the light mechs pulled back, the Vesians arrived just beyond the maximum engagement range without any attempt to obfuscate their approach.
 They stopped short of coming into rifle range. Instead, they spread out and guarded every approached. Moments later, it became apparent why they did so.
 A dozen or so artillery mechs began to shell the walls. The explosions ruptured the surface of the walls made out of a blend of junk exotics and various bulk materials. Although they looked extremely firm and thick, they couldn’t withstand a concentrated artillery barrage.
 Melkor gritted his teeth. "The Vesians usually don’t bother to shell an industrial target. Their commander appears to be an exception. He’s treating us like a serious target."
 None of the mechs or turrets possessed the capability to retaliate against the distant artillery mechs. The most they could do was shoot at the incoming shells as they arced into the walls. More than two-thirds of the incoming shells never reached the Mech Nursery, but the remainder that got through slowly broke down the targeted section of walls.
 Minutes passed by as the cracks turned into a hole, before widening up into a breach. After the last shells landed, the breach had become so wide that it could fit two mechs walking side by side.
 "That’s not good." Ves noted.
 The artillery mechs then shifted their aim towards the turrets spread throughout the surface of the Mech Nursery.
 The weaknesses of the turrets hammered home with each shell that got through the intercepting fire. Their complete lack of mobility turned them into stationary targets that would get destroyed sooner or later.
 If the Vesian artillery mechs hadn’t managed to destroy their target in their current salvo, they just sent out another one until the turret finally stopped working.
 This went on for over two hours until the artillery mechs expended all of their shells. By then, over seventy percent of the turrets that Sanyal-Ablin had previously erected turned into hollowed-out ruins.
 Fortunately, no one lost their lives, as nobody manned the turrets. Their operators worked at a SASS-controlled command center deep underground.
 By now, the Mech Nursery hardly hosted any people. The only people who remained consisted of those who played a role in the defense of the facility. As for the civilian employees, Ves all sent them back to Freslin where they lived.
 Even if the Vesians managed to breach through their lines and massacre everyone within, at least Ves wouldn’t have too much guilt on his conscience. 
 "What will they do next, now that they’ve destroyed most of our turrets?"
 "They’ve spent several hours on the surface already." Melkor replied. "The Vesians should be looking to wrap this up. The longer they stay on the surface, the higher the chance they’ll encounter the reinforcements from Bentheim. No matter how careful the enemy commander wants to be, he can’t fall behind schedule."
 Every defender tersely waited for the Vesians to make their next move. Evidently, they had enough of paying around, because they shifted their formation in favor breaching through a defensive line.
 Surprisingly enough, the Vesians suddenly put forth two heavy knights.
 "Damn! They brought out heavy knights! They’ll be leading the charge!"
 Ves did not need to hear an explation to realize how bad the situation turned against them. If the Vesians only brought their medium mechs, then they stood a decent chance at fending off the incoming Vesians.
 Now though, the appearance of the heavy knights changed everything. Even the most basic models of heavy knights withstood at least four times as much damage as a medium knight. In effect, the two heavy knights possessed as much as an impact on the battle as eight extra medium knights!
 In general, only military forces employed heavy mechs. Not even Sanyal-Ablin fielded a single heavy mech despite having the resources and capacity to do so if they borrowed their backer’s help.
 The appearance of the heavy mechs alone caused everyone’s morale to drop. Every mech pilot from SASS and the Mudriders knew how tough these mechs could be. The odds of killing them fast enough was minute.
 "Ves! Conventional forces will take too much time to bring down those heavies! By the time they can be repelled, every other Vesian mech will have free reign inside the perimeter. We have to take those heavy mechs out early!"
 "Why are you looking at me like that?"
 "Because you frequently pull a miracle out of their butt! If you’re hiding a secret weapon, then this is the time to employ it!"
 "Well, I’ve got the Amastendira. Will that be enough?"
 Melkor shook his head. "I’ve already considered it. While it’s a devastating weapon against people, it won’t do too much damage against mechs. A beam at maximum power is probably capable of piercing through the the armor of light mechs while dealing heavy damage to medium mechs, but it will just bounce off if pointed at a heavy mech."
 That was really bad news, but Ves already expected something along those lines. The Amastendira granted its wielder near-absolute superiority against any kind of human-scale battles. Sadly, it did not change the paradigm that humans would be able to defeat a mech in an even fight.
 A group of two heavy knights accompanied by thirty mechs started to form into an assault formation. The melee mechs stood in front while the ranged mechs stood at the rear.
 "It’s going to be too late to do anything soon! Ves! Tell me you’ve got something!"
 Ves panicked a little. He did not possess any other deadly weapons like the Amastendira. Neither would he be able to purchase any other solutions from the System as he recently drained most of his DP on his second Mastery.
 Only until Lucky lazily flew past his vision did he remind himself that he might have one last resort.
 "Lucky!"
 The cat halted in its flight and turned its head at Ves. "Meow?"
 He pointed at the projection of the heavy knights readying themselves for a charge. "Can you take care of these two heavy mechs? You have to assassinate the pilots and destroy some controls or essential components. Can you do that?"
 "...Meow."
 Lucky did not meow in a reassuring way. The cat looked at the two heavy mechs with their thick plating of armor with very visible dread. It would be tough for his intangible form to burrow through all of that compressed armor.
 The cat tapped the air a couple of times. Ves communicated frequently enough with his pet to understand Lucky’s vague meaning.
 "So you say you can definitely take out one mech, but you’re not sure if you have the energy to take out the other?"
 "Meow!"
 "One heavy mech taken out is better than none!" Melkor told them from the side.
 "He’s right, Lucky. If you can do it, then go for it!"
 Lucky hastily floated out of the command center in a zip. None of the sensors showed his position, which worried Ves a little, but at least the Vesians wouldn’t have any warning either.
 He hated sending out Lucky so early in this battle. Ves wanted to save up Lucky as a trump card or employ him as an assassin that would quietly take out a couple of enemy mechs stationed furthest from the main battle. Instead, the appearance of the heavy mechs forced Ves to play this card ahead of time.
 The battle hadn’t even entered its most crucial phase and Ves already started running out of cards to play.
 As Ves waited for Lucky to make his move, Melkor turned to leave the command center as well. "There’s nothing more I can do here. I’ll be boarding my mech before I join up with the rest of the Avatars. Stay here and keep me informed, Ves."
 "Will do."
 At least Melkor could fight the the Vesians personally. As a mech designer, Ves enjoyed no such privilege.
 Besides the two heavy knights that attracted most of the attention of the defenders, the other Imodris mechs looked well-built as well. Ves forcefully shook off his fear and began to focus on what he could do to help.
 "As a mech designer, I can still be of use."
 Out of all the defenders, he knew more about mechs than everyone else put together.
 In battles like these, mech designers sometimes assisted frontline units by analyzing the strengths and weaknesses of the enemy mechs. They also kept their eye out for weak points generated by battle damage.
 Ves kept his eyes trained on the projections that showed the approaching Vesian formation. The enemy finished their preparations and began to set out towards the broken gap in the wall.
 Now that the enemy came into range of the Mech Nursery, their jamming failed to block its powerful sensors. Detailed telemetry poured into the command center in rapid tempo, swamping the support personnel. They tried their best to help the processors identify the mech models.
 "Report!" Ves barked.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "Sir! The enemy regiments have been identified. One company comes from the 5th Vavulan Chausseurs and the other company is detached from the 1st Meandering Monkeys!"
 Additional projections popped up that provided a brief overview of the two regiments of the 3rd Imodris Legion.
 The mechs 1st Meandering Monkeys all took on a mottled brown-green coating, and predominantly consisted of light and medium mechs. Much like the Oodis Mudriders, the Monkeys excelled in long-range wilderness operations, and would usually be deployed in wild, untamed planets.
 The 5th Vavulan Chausseurs on the other hand consisted largely of frontline mechs coated in grey and pale blue to better blend in to an urban environment. They eschewed light mechs entirely and based their full force around medium melee mechs and a fair amount of medium frontline mechs, the latter of which replaced their humanoid arms with ballistic cannons or laser cannons.
 Ves understood the enemy composition. The Meandering Monkeys only made up the numbers and didn’t form that much of a threat. The true threat lay in the Vavulan Chausseurs, whose formidable mechs had been designed to break through enemy defenses. Their allocation of two heavy knights to this minor raid further underscored their power.
 Right now, they couldn’t withstand two heavy knights at once. It was not that the heavy knights possessed the means to run down every mech and kill them in a single blow. Their true threat lay in their ability to act as immovable obstacles that absorbed everything the defenders dished out.
 Having just come off a Mastery experience where the attacking force cleverly used disposable heavy shields as a means of approach, Ves knew the value of an impenetrable defense. So long as those heavy knights remained operational, a large portion of the mechs from Sanyal-Ablin and Mudriders would have to divert their firepower to hold back their inexorable march.
 At this time, the Vesian mechs entered into range of the defending mech’s rifles.
 "Open fire!"
 Almost every rifleman mech among the defenders proceeded to open fire behind the walls. The initial volley of fire largely hit their marks, only to be stopped by two enormous tower shields.
 "The Vesians have sustained minimal damage!"
 The Vesians cleverly arranged their assault formation into a column of two ranks. With the two heavy knights in front, the more vulnerable mechs at the rear had little to worry about.
 Occasionally, some of the fire slipped around or above the shields, but the rest of the Vesian mechs only sustained glancing damage.
 Despite enduring a rain of fire, the Vesian mechs remained in formation and continued to march forward. The only downside to their formation was that they moved at a snail’s pace in terms of mech speeds.
 Heavy knights carried an immense amount of high-quality armor, and their shields weighed as much as an entire light mech or more, so it was a given that they moved as fast as an elderly person.
 Their relatively slow pace meant that the defenders slowly managed to chew up the shields. Nevertheless, these shields did their job as they forced the defenders to expend a large amount of munitions that might have otherwise been targeted at the lighter mechs.
 As the formation of Chausseurs neared the walls, the mechs of the Meandering Monkeys started to branch out and pressure the sides of the Mech Nursery. Their diversion forced Melkor to request the Mudriders to split some mechs away from the center and deter the flanking mechs from breaching an undefended part of the wall.
 "Fire on the mechs behind the knights!" Melkor ordered in the central command channel.
 Once the enemy mechs entered a certain range, it became possible for some of the defending mechs stationed in the far left or right of the walls to target the sides of the incoming column. This time, they achieved some solid hits, although the frontline mechs quickly turned their cannon and retaliated in kind.
 Most of their fire splashed against the walls that the defending mechs hid behind, but the intense barrage succeeded in suppressing them. At this moment, the inevitable collision became imminent. The Chausseurs showed movement that indicated that they were about to bypass their heavy knights and breach the defensive line.
 "Open fire! Ignore the knights! Focus on the frontline mechs!"
 The melee mechs of the Chausseurs carried a substantial amount of armor. The frontline mechs on the other hand had been built to scale, so their individual quality left much to be desired. Their deadliness came not from their superior equipment, but from the training and coordination of their mech pilots.
 Even though their basic-level pilots would never be able to advance to advanced pilots, as long as they gathered in a sufficient amount of numbers, they would be able to suppress any enemy formation, which was what they did right now.
 Their twin cannon barrels outputted as least twice as much firepower as a rifleman mech. What they lacked in flexibility and close-combat effectiveness, they more than made it up in the sheer amount of firepower they could unleash in a short amount of time.
 Of course, they also overheated very quickly and expended their energy or munitions rather fast, but in a short raid like this, endurance didn’t matter too much.
 The only reason why the defenders maintained their ground was because the cheap construction of the frontline mechs also made it easy to take them out. Plenty of mechs turned inoperable after sustained concentrated fire, but the Chausseurs continued unabated. They had already steeled themselves for some losses.
 To the Mech Legion, losing a couple of frontline mechs was nothing, as each of them came with a unit price of around ten million credits or less. Their mech pilots mostly managed to eject well in time, so the Vesians actually hadn’t lost any lives at this point in time.
 "Watch your fire! Don’t aim too high! We can’t afford to hit their cockpits when they eject!"
 The Mudriders and the Sanyal-Ablin mechs purposefully avoided targeting the cockpits of the Vesian mechs. Neither groups wanted to incur any more enmity than necessary. If news came out that they excessively slaughtered too many enemy pilots, then they would certainly be hunted down by the 3rd Imodris Legion.
 The Mech Legion on the other hand held no such scruples. If they saw an opportunity to eliminate an enemy pilot, they would gladly do so in order to damage the Bright Republic’s vitality.
 At this time, imposing manner of the Vesians reached an oppressive level. Many of the mech pilots stationed on the walls started to vacillate. Why did they even need to resist the Vesians in the first place? Neither the quality nor the quantity of their mechs could match the combined force of the Chausseurs and the Monkeys.
 Melkor tried his best to firm up their side’s resolve, but everyone knew that the battle might take a turn for the worst once the enemy melee mechs came into play. To the Chausseurs, their frontline mechs only played a side role. The regiment invested most of its resources in cultivating their melee mechs.
 Ves quietly stood in front of the central projector of the command center and balled his fingers into fists. "Come on, buddy. Make your move before it’s too late."
 Just as the Vesians were about to make their final sprint, one of their heavy knights suddenly halted. Even though the mech’s shield had almost been chewed apart from withstanding all of the enemy fire, the frame itself only suffered a couple of scuffs. The mech still possessed a lot of fight, and shouldn’t have halted to suddenly.
 The momentary halt of that mech caused the entire column of Chausseurs to come to an uneven halt. Many of their pilots turned their attention to their halted comrade, unsure why the mech turned into a statue.
 Moments later, fumes started to leak from the frame. Small explosions erupted deep within the frame that destroyed vital components. The heavy knight abruptly powered down and fell over facedown like a puppet whose strings had been cut.
 Everyone was taken aback, including the defenders. What had happened to that seemingly invincible mech?
 Moments later, a tiny blur escaped from the chest of the fallen heavy mech. It darted towards the next heavy knight, only to be met with a barrage of fire from a couple of quick-thinking mech. The fire went straight through the tiny blur, forcing it away from its original course. In order to escape the fury of the Chausseurs, the blur instead changed course and dove deep underground.
 "I knew you could do it, Lucky!"
 His pet managed to succeed in taking out a heavy knight! Even though his sneak attack only worked once, the consequences for the Vesians were dire. With the takedown of one heavy mech, the remaining one now became the focus of the defending mechs. They all diverted their firepower to that heavy, blasting apart its shield in short succession and started working away at the mech’s heavy armor plating.
 While the Vavulan Chausseurs fell into a brief bout of confusion, to their credit they regained their senses extraordinarily quickly. They all became enraged at the strange attack and switched tack almost immediately. Their mechs all charged forward at their full speed, leaving the defending melee mechs scrambling to meet the charge.
 "Hold the line! Set off the traps!"
 The ground before the Vesian mechs briefly exploded as mines hidden just below their feet became armed.
 Although the explosions all hit multiple mechs, their power left much to be desired. In order to hide them from the Vesian scanners, they only came in relatively small packages.
 Still, even if the mines mostly failed to breach the armor of the stricken mechs, they ddi succeed in slowing their charge. Ultimately, this caused the Chausseurs to clash against the defensive line with less than perfect force.
 Still, the line almost buckled then and there as the handful of knights failed to withstand the impact of the chargning mechs.
 For a moment, both sides recovered from the charge, but then the true melee began.
 "Hold them back! Don’t let them through the gap!"
 The previous artillery bombardment opened up a wide gap in the defensive walls that the defending mechs struggled to stopper up. However, the intensity in which the Chausseurs pressed down upon them indicated that they wouldn’t be able to hold for long.
 Ves frantically studied the mechs of the Chausseurs, but found to his disappointed that they’d been too well-designed to expose any obvious weak points. Only upon sustaining damage would vulnerabilities begin to show, but that was easier said than done as the Vesians constantly rotated the mechs that faced the front.
 As soon as a mech sustained a heavy blow, it pulled back and another mech of the Chausseurs filled its place. This spread out the damage and prevented the Chausseurs from suffering a loss in combat effectiveness.
 This way, they managed to maintain a constant level of pressure to the defenders, who all lacked the numbers to pull off the same tricks.
 The mechs of the Oodis Mudriders suffered the most out of this exchange. They possessed relatively few medium mechs, and most of them hadn’t been designed for a stand-up battle. Several of their mechs succumbed in quick succession, prompting Melkor to make his move ahead of time.
 "Mudriders! Pull back from the front and go to the flanks! Contain the Meandering Monkeys and prevent them from breaching our flanks!"
 Commander Husaan eagerly pulled back all of his surviving mechs. In their place, the Avatars of Myth finally committed to the battle.
 Although the defensive line instantly stabilized at their arrival, neither Ves nor Melkor smiled, because according to their plans, they should have kept the Avatars in reserve for a longer time.
 Still, the Avatars fought valiantly, proving that Melkor did an excellent job in hiring the initial cadre. Led by Melkor himself, their ranged mechs laid down accurate support fire from an elevated position on the walls. They mainly trained their firepower on the frontline mechs hanging back from the melee.
 "Knights, pin down that incoming heavy mech! Don’t let it shoulder its way inside!"
 The melee mechs led by the two gold label Blackbeaks crashed against the Vesian mech with uncharacteristic fury. The two mech pilots of the Blackbeak got caught up in the fervor and fought back with ferocity. They pushed aside the enemy medium mechs and approach the sole surviving heavy knight from two different directions.
 "Out of the way, you puny mechs!" The brash and angry mech pilot of the heavy knight broadcasted.
 The Blackbeaks purposefully ignored the warning and began their awe-inspiring clash with the heavy knight. While the Blackbeaks quickly showed that they couldn’t withstand a frontal clash against the heavy knight, their superior mobility allowed them to circle around their lumbering opponent and pressure its vulnerable back.
 This forcefully halted the forward momentum of the heavy knight, because it could ill afford to let an enemy pester its slightly weaker rear armor!
 "Annoying gnats! Stand still for me!"
 The heavy knight continued make wide horizontal sweeps with its large broadsword, only for the nimble Blackbeaks to jump back well before the blade reached their former position.
 The two elegantly-styled mechs continued their dance around the heavy knight. The red vapor leaking from their red-dyed relief-studded shoulder pauldrons caused the area around the heavy knight to be partially obscured in bloody mist.
 Ves estimated the cost of the heavy mech to be around 300 million credits. To be held back by a pair of mechs with a fair market price of around 100 million credits was very impressive.
 As the heavy mech become more flustered, Ves became more familiar with its design. He opened a channel to the two pilots of the Blackbeak and issued some advice.
 "The knight you’re facing is very top-heavy! Its legs look sturdy, but they’re actually strained to their limits! Focus on the rear knee joints, it’s the weakest part of its legs!"
 "The sword its wielding is large and heavy, but the arms are burdened by an excessive amount of armor! Forget about trying to chip away at the arms, it’s actually a trap!"
 "It’s left side is its former shield side. The heavy knight is balanced only when it wields its tower shield. Now that it’s gone, its balance is out of whack. Press its left side to further destabilize its footing!"
 The vulnerabilities he pointed out did not lead to an instant defeat, but they successfully enabled the pilots of the Blackbeaks to keep the heavy knight on its back footing.
 Not even the Vesians expected for their heavy knight to be pinned down by a pair of knights. The rest of the Chasseurs began to move to help out their beleaguered comrade, only to be stalled by the rest of the Avatars and Sanyal-Ablin mechs.
 The front line fell into a momentary stalemate, but that would only last ten minutes as most. The mechs from Sanyal-Ablin had the edge in quality, but they were hard-pressed to hold back the superior numbers of the Chasseurs, especially since they didn’t attack as a horde but instead utilized rigid coordination.
 Ves knew that grueling grinds like these tested each side’s resolve and depth. On both accounts, he favored the Vesians over the defenders. None of them besides the Avatars truly wished to stand their ground. The LMC was just a client to them. Once the battle turned ugly for them, Ves had no doubt their will to battle would plummet.
 Every minute, another mech succumbed, mostly on the defending side. A couple of pilots died or sustained heavy wounds, but most decided to eject early rather than risk their lives. This hastened the attrition of the defending side, and despite the valiant efforts of the Avatars of Myth, they could not halt the overall trend.
 "Damnit, where is Dietrich and his mechs?" Ves wondered.
 Due to all of the enemy jamming, Ves lost contact with the Whalers stationed outside of Freslin.
 On the flanks, the situation didn’t look much better. The Meandering Monkeys took advantage of the Mech Nursery’s lack of numbers to defend its perimeter and spread out to pressure the walls from multiple directions.
 The turrets that survived the previous artillery bombardment suppressed them from climbing over the walls for now, but the Monkeys constantly whittled them down with their ranged weapons. They jumped and ran around with such fleeting grace that the turret operators hardly managed to land any hits.
 The situation on the flanks alleviated a little bit when the surviving Mudrider mechs moved to face the flanking Monkeys. This curbed their daring actions, but only for a limited time. The Mudriders were outnumbered at least two-to-one and the turrets would only last long against the full might of the light mech company.
 As Ves bit his lips, a crackling comm channel came to life. "Ves!"
 "Dietrich, you’re here!" Ves responded with a much-relieved tone.
 This entire battle revealed the precarious nature of the defenders. With any help, Ves predicted that the Vesians would have no trouble breaking through the perimeter.
 The timely arrival of thirty friendly mechs breathed a lot of life into Ves. "Where are you right now? Are you in a position to hit the Vesians?"
 "We’re two minutes out. We can already see the flashes and hear the noise from here! Fadah and I are leading our rookies forward as we speak, but don’t put your hopes up on our mechs! They’re rookies for a reason!"
 "You don’t have to hammer the Vesians. As long as you can divert their attention and split them up, it’s enough!"
 Ves filled Dietrich in on the current tactical situation. While Dietrich wanted to turn the Whalers towards the 1st Meandering Monkeys, Ves argued otherwise.
 "The Monkeys are a distraction! Defeating them while they’re all dispersed will take too much time. By then, the 5th Vavulan Chasseurs will have succeeded in breaking through. We can’t let that happen!"
 As long as they stalled the Chasseurs and inflicted increasingly severe losses, the Vesians would finally begin to realize it wasn’t so easy to break into the Mech Nursery. At that point, their commander had no choice but consider the gains and losses of continuing the raid.
 However, in order to reach that point, the combined defensive force had to inflict enough casualties to make the Vesians second-guess their actions.
 Ves proceeded to watch on as the loose collection of Whaler mechs approached the sides of the main engagement. They met a couple of scouts from the Monkeys, which lost them the element of surprise, not that they counted upon it in the first place.
 Instantly, the Vesians adjusted their maneuvers. Some of the flanking Monkeys pulled back from trading potshots at the Mudriders and moved in the direction of the incoming reinforcements. As for the Chasseurs, they did not let up their forward assault, but instead turned most of their frontline mechs around to face the Whalers.
 "Damnit, careful Dietrich! They’re sending out all of their frontline mechs along with a number of light mechs in your direction!"
 Those frontline mechs might not be clad in a lot of armor, but they possessed a lot of firepower and could run at a decent speed as well.
 As the two sides clashed, the Whaler mechs instantly became entangled in a messy firefight. Although they utilized much better mechs than before, their young mech pilots proved incapable of drawing out their strengths.
 Compared to the old guard who largely perished in the Glowing Planet campaign, the fresh-faced recruits lacked a lot of hands-on battle experience. Facing an even number of light and frontline mechs, the mechs commanded by Dietrich couldn’t help but falter in their steps.
 Dietrich, Fadah and the handful of veteran pilots did all they could to shepherd the rookies, but they already had their hands full trying to resist the elites among the Vesian mechs.
 Even though the arrival of the reinforcements from Walter’s Whalers failed to make a big of an impact as Ves had hoped, at least they successfully diverted a large portion of the enemy mechs.
 The main engagement at the gap of the walls still proceeded frigidly. Sanyal-Ablin failed to persist when they still drew the attention of an entire company of Chausseurs. A handful of their mechs fell had steadily fallen in the last couple of minutes. With each single casualty, the battle turned further and further out of their favor.
 To be frank, even with the successful diversion of the frontline mechs, the remaining defenders still fell into an awkward situation.
 Just as Ves contemplated doing something drastic, the battle between the three knights finally came to a conclusion.
 One of the Blackbeaks retracted the sword that had punched through the ragged-looking rear armor of the heavy knight. The weighty mech quickly collapsed while the two Blackbeaks banged their swords against their battered shields before raising them into the sky.
 "Avatars!" They shouted into the open.
 The pure exultation in their voice along with their dramatic victory couldn’t help but lessen the inevitable air of victory around the Chasseurs. The Vesians grew indignant, and quickly diverted some of their mechs to take out the Blackbeaks.
 "Come! Let us see if you have what it takes to take down a Myth!"
 The two knight pilots brazenly taunted the Chasseurs. If Ves didn’t suspect them of doing so spontaneously, he would have thought it was a deliberate ploy to lower the morale of their opponents.
 In any case, their actions succeeded in changing the overall pattern of the most crucial portion of the battle. The battle at the gap in the walls turned into a muddled mess as the Chasseurs tried to vent their fury on the two Blackbeaks.
 However, the gold label mechs proved difficult to pin down. Unlike the lumbering heavy mech, their lighter and more balanced construction allowed them to dance aside most attacks. Those that landed on their shield or armor only dented them a bit or created shallow cuts. Compressed armor was no joke, and without exerting enough force, the mechs of the Chasseurs wouldn’t have much success in punching through the layers.
 "We can do it!" Ves faintly hoped.
 The valor displayed by the two Blackbeaks astounded everyone. Much of that came from the skilled handling of their mech pilots. Melkor had indeed picked up a pair of treasures on Bentheim.
 However, these pilots only felt free to act this way because they piloted an excellent pair of mechs. These two particular gold label mechs had been the latest copies of their line. Ves improved much in recent times, and he managed to pass on some of these benefits to his latest handcrafted mechs.
 Although the physical performance of the mechs hadn’t received much of a bump, they still boasted superior agility due to the gems that Ves had secretly implanted in them. In addition, their X-Factor came out a bit stronger than before, as Ves invested a substantial amount of mind energy into their construction.
 Both of these factors boosted the performance of the Blackbeaks to an unheard of level.
 Just as Ves thought that he battle had taken a turn for the better, another mech from the Chasseurs appeared from the rear.
 Ves instantly felt his joy bleeding away at the sight of the incoming mech. The quality of this mech stood out starkly. This must be the commander of the raiding force, and by the looks of his fancy mech, he must be a noble as well.
 The nobility enjoyed an exalted status in the Vesia Kingdom. They stood above the vast majority of commoners in each single aspect. Even the non-hereditary knights who earned their titles through merits also operated within the Kingdom with impunity.
 Wealth, power, status and more became within reach if one acquired a noble rank. As a citizen of the more egalitarian Bright Republic, Ves and the rest of his state simply couldn’t wrap their heads around why the Vesians accepted the rigid caste-like division of society.
 When the experts spoke about the noble phenomenon, they simply shrugged their shoulders and explained it was a matter of culture. In other words, every citizen of a kingdom state had been brainwashed from birth to accept such a backwards-sounding structure.
 After all, with the continued advance of science and technology, the ancient justifications such as the Mandate of Heaven, the Divine Right of Kings, superior bloodlines and other such excuses had been debunked as pure excuses.
 The various states set up as feudal monarchies simply couched their privileges in more modern terms. Most of the times, the various kingdoms justified their right to rule by pointing out their investment in terraforming the planets and establishing the colonies.
 Once the initial population accepted the rulership structure, it slowly became a given that their state would always be ruled by so-called royals and the aristocracy. Humans possessed the capacity to accept all kinds of absurdities as long as everyone else around them believed them as well.
 Right now, the entire battle for the Mech Nursery entered a brief pause at the sudden entrance of the Vesian commander. Ves zoomed in on the projection and studied the mech in more detail.
 It was definitely a mech that surpassed the typical premium price point. The abundance of jewels and decorative alloys alone must have cost as much as a Blackbeak, but they only made up a portion of the exterior of this flamboyant-looking mech.
 Ves peered at the epaulet on the left shoulder of the mech. It depicted a hand holding aloft a notched sword being shone upon by a single golden star.
 "So it’s a knight."
 That meant the noble certainly earned his knighthood through his own efforts. Ves would have rather faced a baron than a knight, because the latter often turned out to be mediocre descendants of brilliant mech pilots.
 "Sir Ravanac!" The Chasseurs broadcasted in the open. Their morale instantly surged while the morale of the defenders plummeted.
 This Sir Ravanac calmly stepped forward as if he was approaching a picnic instead of a battle. His mech consisted of a mace-wielding medium melee mech. It carried a heavy two-handed mace that looked heavy enough to crunch the armor of any unmech. Only comechs such as the Blackbeaks appeared to be sturdy enough to withstand a direct hit.
 The more Ves studied its design, the more his expression soured. "This mech is too high-class!"
 He should have anticipated that the raiding force would be led by a noble who piloted a powerful mech. His machine alone could wipe out every defending mech with ease as long as the rest of the Chasseurs and the Monkeys tied them down.
 Ves knew he had to intervene in person. He turned away from the central projectors and moved to exit the command center.
 "Tell Melkor to stall the noble as long as he can!"
 As he ran through the halls and reached the surface, he stepped on a small but swift floater platform and commanded it to convey him right towards the breach.
 The speed of the platform caused the wind to whip against his form, but the floater platform’s sophisticated antigrav modules and inertial dampeners allowed him to comfortably remain on his feet.
 Even as he travelled to the front, Ves kept his eye on his comm, which projected what happened once the noble reached the battle.
 Melkor tried to approach and drag out the fight by engaging in a conversation with the kngiht, but Sir Ravanac did not brook any further delays.
 "Enough! Press the attack! Wipe out these Republican dogs and smash this entire factory into pieces!"
 The Chasseurs resumed their fight with twice as much vigor now that their noble commander personally took charge.
 The mechs from Sanyal-Ablin had almost reached their breaking point, and this sudden push only accelerated their inevitable defeat. Even with the Avatars of Myth backing them up, they wouldn’t last very long.
 Sir Ravanac’s mace-wielding mech entered the fray as well. Melkor quickly decided to command his two knight mech pilots to divert the noble as long as possible.
 The two Blackbeaks moved to stall Sir Ravanac’s mech. Unlike before where they faced a sluggish heavy mech, Sir Ravanac possessed a much better balance between power, speed and armor. Sir Ravanac’s abundant experience also allowed him to maneuver around the chaotic battlefield in a way that prevented the Blackbeaks from pincering it from two different directions.
 While the Chasseurs led by their commander almost overran the defenders, the battle at the flanks fared no better for the defenders.
 Dietrich, Fadah and the handful of veterans failed to stiffen the backs of their rookie pilots. The quick and agile mechs of the Meandering Monkeys constantly played tricks on the newly recruited Whalers. In every area short of weight class, the mechs of the Whalers fell short compared to the Vesian machines.
 "Sorry Ves!" Dietrich sent out as his aerial marksman supported his rookies from a low altitude. If he flew any higher, he risked being shot from the air by the frontline mechs that supported the light mechs from the rear. "We can’t get rid of these Vesian light mechs! It’s taking all we can to preserve our mechs!"
 With no further hope for reinforcements, the Mech Nursery was about to be broken through. Without a cohesive force of mechs to stop the raiding force, the Vesians would easily be able to penetrate past the gates and wreak havoc inside the underground floors.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The various defenses and barriers integrated in the tunnels would only slow down the Vesians up to a point. Only mechs could defeat other mechs. That was the ironclad rule in these kinds of war.
 When Ves finally reached the gap in the walls, the Avatars of Myth and the Sanyal-Ablin mechs already started pulling out. The Chasseurs succeeded in pushing through the gap, though they paid for their aggression with the loss of a couple more mechs.
 Ves controlled the floater platform and manually controlled its flight path to climb on top of the walls.
 At this point, no one paid attention to a single person, but Ves knew this would change very soon.
 With one hand, he activated his Full Stealth module, and with his other hand he drew the Amastendira from his pocket, which unfolded into an elegant-looking laser pistol.
 Once the Amastendira came online, he dialed its output to the highest setting possible. When facing mechs, he could not skimp out on power.
 "I’ve only got ten shots. I have to make the most of what I have."
 At the highest power setting, the Amastendira would only be able to pump out ten high-powered beams before it forcefully entered a lengthy cooldown cycle.
 It was a heavy price, but a worthy one as well. The setting was meant to pose a threat to mechs, however slightly.
 "With this pistol’s maximum output combined with my aim, it’s probably futile for me to try and take out Sir Ravanac’s mech."
 The Amastendira still possessed enough power to threaten a mech clad in compressed armor, but he’d have to be precise enough to hit a weak point. Melkor might be able to pull that off, but Ves held no such confidence.
 After weighing the matter back and forth, Ves decided to strike the tightly-packed formation of Chasseurs. Right now, they attempted to press forth through the gap in the walls. This granted Ves with a unique opportunity. No matter where he aimed at, he was guaranteed to hit an enemy mech. His lackluster marksmanship wouldn’t be much of a detriment in this target-rich environment.
 No, the only thing he had to be careful of was the inevitable retaliation. From the way their ranged mechs quickly trained their fire on Lucky when he flew out of the first heavy mech, Ves expected instant retaliation after he fired the first shot.
 One of his hands briefly brushed on his stomach where his trusty old shield generator rested. If his Stealth Augment couldn’t save him, he at least trusted the shield generator to protect him long enough to get away.
 Now that he entered stealth, he had to move quickly in order to take advantage of its short duration. He commanded the floater platform to climb up high in order to obtain a commanding view of the battle.
 Once he became satisfied with his position, he extended the Amastendira and gripped it carefully in a two-handed grip. He carefully took the time to aim his weapon before he unleashed the first shot.
 The sheer amount of energy passing through the bubble of stealth caused it to fluctuate. The powerful white-hot laser beam immediately caused the mechs of the Chasseurs to bleat out an alarm as the beam struck the back of a swordsman mech trying to press forward.
 The beam vaporized the relatively thin layer of uncompressed armor and continued to burn through to strike the mech’s power reactor. The component instantly failed, causing the rest of the mech to shutdown.
 Ves quickly adjusted his aim and raked the singular powerful beam from the Amastendira through the rear armor of a bunch more mechs. Although he failed to take down another mech, he did manage to startle the Chasseurs into a momentary halt.
 The handful of frontline mechs that supported the main push quickly turned around and bombarded the air where his floater platform previously hovered. However, their response was just a tad bit too slow.
 Ves wasn’t an idiot. As soon as the first shot subsided, he stomped on the floater platform, causing it to initiate an emergency descent. As the invisible bubble of stealth restored around his form, he barely managed to evade the furious volley of fire flying over his head.
 The Chasseurs didn’t know what they were dealing with. Ves probably figured they thought they faced some kind of powerful stealth bot. Just as they figured they took down the stealth bot, Ves opened fire yet again from another position.
 This time, the powerful beam passed through the rear armor of another mech, but failed to hit anything critical. However, the power behind the beam was so strong that it wrecked a lot of internals, to the point where the strength of the mech suddenly dropped by at least a half.
 For the subsequent shots, Ves kept the floater platform moving as he fired the Amastendira. While this severely affected his accuracy, the sheer damage and chaos that ensued from his action successfully turned around the battle.
 Only after he shot his eight laser beam did the Chasseurs manage to hit him directly. His shield generator flared up, protecting his body from the explosive shells that detonated against his form. He yelled in pain from the energies bleeding through the near-impenetrable shield. A wash of heat and force flung him away from the floater platform which the Chasseurs quickly shot into pieces.
 Ves tentatively managed to regain control over his altitude with the help of his antigrav clothing. With the loss of the floater platform, he wouldn’t be able to fly as fast as before, but at the very least he managed to preserve his life. He quickly checked the charge of his shield generator.
 Its charge dropped from eighty percent to a dismal forty-seven percent.
 "Damnit, I can’t afford to get hit another time!"
 Even until now, Ves hadn’t been able to recharge his ultra-compact shield generator. This piece of wondrous technology was completely beyond his present capacities. He figured that the only way he could recharge the shield generator was to go back to Leemar, something which he wasn’t keen to do before he advanced to Journeyman Mech Designer.
 "The shield generator is a lifeline. What will Master Olson think if I come back so soon with a depleted charge?"
 Ves could only fire two more full-powered beams, but the damage he caused had reserved the entire trend. He managed to fell five mechs and heavily wound a couple more. The Chasseurs completely lost their imposing manner, while the defenders thought that Ves had deployed some secret trump card.
 Now, the only variable that mattered was Sir Ravanac. Would the knight insist on pushing forward, or would be finally decide to pull back?
 What the 5th Vavulan Chasseurs didn’t know was that Ves almost expended all of his means. His stealth augment almost ran out of power while his pistol could only unleash two more powerful beams.
 Ves hoped to fool Sir Ravanac into thinking that he could continue to harass the Chasseurs from the dark. Now that they had just succeeded in hitting Ves, it was important for him to demonstrate that he could continue to pose a threat to their rear.
 "My stealth charge has almost run out. I’ve got to finish this quickly."
 He positioned himself at a different angle and elevation and proceeded to fire at the uncertain Chasseurs yet again. This time, the mechs had put up their guards and oriented some mechs to the front. His ninth shot managed to carve through the shield of a knight mech, but failed to inflict significant harm on the mech itself.
 Even as he unleashed his shot, his form dove down quickly, allowing him to dodge most of the counterattack, although a volley of rapid-fire laser beams managed to clip his left side, causing the shield generator to whine in protest.
 "Thirty-eight percent charge!"
 His stealth field was also on the verge of giving up. Without any further thought, Ves snapped his Amastendira for the last time. This time, he chose to shoot Sir Ravanac’s mech despite knowing that it wouldn’t have much of an effect.
 His aim was a little off, and the beam streaked above the fancy mech’s head. Ves quickly corrected his aim and slashed the beam downwards until it hit the mech’s shoulder blades.
 Unfortunately, rear armor or not, the Amastendira’s full-powered laser beam only left a shallow furrow inside the plating of compressed armor. The only thing his final shot managed to accomplish was to pull Sir Ravanac away from his fight against the Blackbeaks.
 Both knight mechs looked like hey had gone through a giant tumbler. One mech lost its shield and had its entire left arm smashed, while the other mech had its beak flattened while suffering a severely dented leg. Ultimately, the two offensive knights highlighted the shortcomings of their type, which was that they lacked the true resilience of a defensive knight.
 "Now, will you decide to pull away or not?" Ves frowned.
 Whatever the case, he did not have the luxury to hang around. He quickly dove back behind the wall just before his stealth augment ran out of power. Without any concern for his dignity, Ves quickly dropped down to the ground and ran towards the nearest underground access point.
 As Ves sought refuge underground, the battle in the gap had turned into an awkward state. Neither the Chasseurs nor the defenders fought with all of their might. The latter had almost run out of steam while the former kept up their guard for further sneak attacks.
 The power exerted by Ves and the difficulty in pinning him down had truly struck a nerve in the minds of the Vesians. They quickly lost a bunch of mechs, which robbed the attackers of much of their energy. Even though they would still be able to break through the defenses, the amount of casualties they’d suffer along the way might quickly reach an unacceptable point.
 Even as Sir Ravanac agonized over the decision, the two battered Blackbeaks did not show signs of giving up. Their pilots continued to press on the mace-wielding mech, preventing its pilot from considering the situation with a sober mind.
 With much of his raiding force stalled, who knew how many mechs he would lose at the end of this raid. It would be a joke to suffer more losses than their targets.
 "These Brighters are too stubborn!"
 Why did they fight so hard to preserve a single facility?
 The losses that the Chasseurs already sustained put the noble in a difficult spot. He already lost a number of mechs. If he did not achieve any results, his superiors would scorch him over a fire. Yet if he recklessly continued the assault, the cost would become so unbearable that he might get sanctioned over the disaster.
 Perhaps the pressure had been too much for him, because Sir Ravanac eventually gave in to his fears. "Pull back!"
 In his consideration, it was better to retreat and claim that the intelligence officers screwed up by underestimating the defenses of the facility they were supposed to destroy. At worst, he’d receive a reprimand. He could always regain his honor in subsequent battles.
 If he instead pressed on with the attack, he might be able to break the defenders, but he might also lead his unit to a bad end. In that case, the consequences would be much more dire. Losing his knighthood was the worst thing that could happen to him.
 Once he lost the protection of his elevated status, his enemies among the Legion would certainly pounce on him. He’d lose everything he’d worked for these past couple of decades.
 The Chasseurs slowly receded from the gap. The defenders didn’t follow, as they weren’t in a state to pursue. Only a third of their mechs still possessed the strength to fight back, which was way too little to pose a significant threat to the diminished Chasseurs.
 In order to guard against any further sneak attacks, Sir Ravanac’s mech joined the most intact mechs at the rear guard. As the Chasseurs gradually quickened their pace, the defenders realized that they successfully repelled the Vesians.
 "We did it! They’re gone!"
 "What a hell!"
 "Where did those laser beams come from?"
 As the mechs at the walls celebrated their success, both the Oodis Mudriders and Walter’s Whalers experienced the same thing. The Meandering Monkeys completely gave up on their harassment and pulled back to escort the deflated Chasseurs back to their transport ships.
 Almost no one could believe they pulled it off. Even as they celebrated their success, they still held a lot of doubts.
 "Alright men, knock it off! The Vesians may still change their minds! Start policing the battlefield and make sure to replenish your supplies!"
 The different outfits quickly went into action. They retrieved their fallen mechs and pushed aside the hollow wrecks of the Vesian mechs. All of their pilots managed to eject to safety long ago, so the defenders had no scruples about moving them away.
 In actuality, the mechs held a lot of value. After handing them over to repair shops, the mechs could be brought back to working condition. The defenders already started contemplating their salvage rights.
 This was one of their rights, and while other employers might quibble over how to distribute or retain the wrecks, Ves could care less where they ended up. After a few detours, Ves wearily returned to the command center and watched the center projection for the latest movements.
 "Where are the Vesians?"
 "The 1st Meandering Monkeys and the 5th Vavulan Chasseurs are in the process of boarding their transports, sir." Someone reported.
 "Have they left any mechs behind?"
 "Not as far as we are aware of, sir."
 Ves worriedly waited for the Vesians to make a move. The worst part about it was that due to the jamming, they couldn’t get any detailed or reliable readings of their movements. For all they knew, the Vesians managed to pull the wool over their eyes and maneuvered around for another attack.
 "Detecting ship movements! The transports are lifting off!"
 Fortunately, some things couldn’t be hidden, and the massive amount of power needed to lift a number of transports carrying lots of mechs could be observed from dozeons of kilometers away.
 "The Vesian mechs are being brought back to orbit!"
 Only after the transports climbed past the perennial cloud cover did everyone truly begin to relax. Most of the defending mechs stood down in order to recover from the brief but intense battle.
 Out of all the different outfits that took part in the defense, the Oodis Mudriders actually suffered the least. Though they lost a number of mechs at the start, they stopped suffering any major losses once Melkor diverted them to hold the flanks. The Meandering Monkeys never made a serious push.
 Both Ves and Melkor scoffed when they heard about how the Mudriders got off light.
 "Sanyal-Ablin suffered the most. Out of their twenty-four mechs, only seven of them are still in fighting condition. Five of their pilots lost their lives as well."
 "And the Avatars?"
 "My men did well enough." Melkor grunted with some amount of satisfaction. "I’m sorry to say that most of our brand new mechs got wrecked. Some of them can still be salvaged, but the others are a total loss. I’m glad we haven’t lost any pilots."
 As for the Whalers, Dietrich mentioned that their rookies had flat out performed dismally. The enemy frontline mechs chewed at least a third of their largely uncoordinated force of mechs. It appeared that the Whalers required a lot more time in training in order to become an effective fighting force again.
 With victory came the spoils. In the evening, Ves held a brief celebration over barbecue. Mech pilots from every participating outfit mingled together and sang drunken songs. As the rank-and-file forgot about the horror they faced in the afternoon, the leaders gathered together in a quiet conference room, both to debrief them all and to distribute the rewards.
 "Sanyal-Ablin, your sacrifice has been noted. Please inform your branch office that I’m ready to transfer the money that you are owed." Ves nodded to the grizzled mech commander that hailed from the security company.
 "Next time, beef up your defenses." The commander grumbled.
 The bills from SASS would certainly be steep. Ves had pushed them into a position where they had to fight against a military force that outnumbered them by a fair margin. The commander could have easily have decided to give up on defending the Mech Nursery, but his professional pride called him to stand his ground.
 Ves respected and appreciated the sacrifice the commander made. Of course, all of the extra money that the LMC owed to the security company would certainly be painful.
 After Ves and SASS exchanged their words, Melkor turned to Commander Husaan. "Your Mudriders fared well, but you didn’t play that much of a rule."
 "Hey! We managed to pin down most of the Meandering Monkeys! Just because they’re light mechs doesn’t mean they pose no threat!"
 "You didn’t adjust your deployment once the Monkeys pulled out much of their mechs to face ourr incoming reinforcements! The Meandering Monkeys managed to pin down your entire mercenary corps while outnumbered two-to-one!"
 Melkor’s observation put Commander Husaan in a tight spot while Ves quietly sighed. For all their earlier agreements, Husaan still found a way to shirk his duties. While Ves respected the losses they sustained in the initial push, they failed to make any contributions in the rest of the engagement.
 "Enough, Melkor." Ves stretched out a hand and intervened. "The Oodis Mudriders haven’t contributed as much as we hoped, but we can defer to the terms in the contract in that case. Their final remuneration will certainly take a hit once we run through the compensation formulas."
 Though Melkor didn’t look like he was done, he deferred to Ves and took a step back. "Fine."
 They quickly discussed the performance of the Avatars and the Whalers before carving out the loot. All of those wrecked Vesian mechs became prizes for the taking.
 Without any suspense, Sanyal-Ablin received the lion’s share of the loot. The Whalers received a modest amount of what remained while the Mudriders only received a handful of the most ruined hulks.
 As for the Avatars of Myth, considering that they worked directly for Ves, they had no need to fight over scraps.
 "Tomorrow, we’ll continue this discussion. By then, the processors will have finished their calculation. We can come to a final agreement on your compensation at that point."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Everyone nodded and left the conference room, leaving Ves alone with Melkor.
 "Where’s your pet?"
 "He hasn’t shown up." Ves replied with concern. "I’m not even sure if he’s even intact."
 "Maybe it just needs some time to recover. That strange cat of yours has a lot of tricks in store. I don’t believe it’s gone for good."
 As Melkor turned to leave the room, Ves scratched his cheek. The LMC managed to survive the raid, though it had reached the brink during the battle. If not for his personal intervention, he wouldn’t have managed to bluff the commander into cutting his losses.
 "This isn’t supposed to happen. Lucky and I can’t keep intervening to save my hide."
 Ves already planned to enact a lot of changes. First and foremost, he intended to elevate the Avatars of Myth and bolster their numbers to a full company.
 "The time for training and adjustment is past. It’s time they become a worthy personal force of mine."
 The local press called the 3rd Imodris Legion’s failed attempt to raid the Mech Nursery the Battle for Cloudy Curtain. They certainly had a flair for the dramatic, as the name suggested that the Vesians had been on the cusp of conquering the planet.
 Just as everyone thought that the Vesians would stomp the LMC flat, the up-and-coming mech company surprisingly held them off.
 Although the outfits hired by the LMC sustained a lot of losses, it became a fact that they actually repelled two Vesian mech companies!
 Every citizen in the Freslin area swelled with pride. Their tiny rural planet actually contributed to the war in a splendid war. A company founded by one of their own citizens hadn’t flinched against the invaders but instead fought back with endless ferocity!
 "Hahaha! Cloudy Curtain still has some teeth! We’re more than a bunch of farmers who only know how to cultivate cloud rice!"
 "Who said that people from Cloudy Curtain can’t fight? We’ve smacked the Vesians right in the face!"
 Compared to the jubilation of the citizens in Freslin, the mood turned much grimmer over at the other side of the planet. Orinoco suffered a substantial loss. Worst of all, it had likely been done by their own side.
 The spaceport, the planetary assembly building, all those company headquarters and all kinds of infrastructure turned into hollow craters and fields of debris. Many of the pieces that erupted from the blasts even went on to damage the surrounding structures.
 Tragedy swept the entire capital city as emergency services worked day and night to rescue those buried underneath the wreckage.
 Although the occupants of the buildings had been warned of the bombs, they only had two minutes of time to evacuate their workplaces, which was much too short for most of them. The only reason why the casualties hadn’t surpassed a thousand was because most workers stayed away from work due to the raid.
 Blame and recrimination hadn’t started flying yet, but the undercurrent already started surging. The political and economic alliance that dominated Cloudy Curtain for so many years started fraying apart as each side blamed the other for setting off the bombs.
 "I don’t know why you have the shame to show yourself in public! Instead of risking your own lives to fight the Vesians, you blew up your own structures and killed your fellow citizens! If I didn’t know any better, you’re likely working for the Vesians!"
 "Don’t point your fingers at me! Our company has suffered the worst of all! What about you? Your company headquarters somehow got away unscathed. Don’t think we’re clueless about your ambitions. You’ve always wanted to supplant us over the years. The Vesian raid was the perfect excuse to do us in!"
 Throughout the Bright Republic, the 3rd Imodris Legion’s shocking raids unsettled the entire Bentheim region. The near-simultaneous raids strained the Mech Corps, which had to choose where to send their forces quickly and in enough numbers to make an impact.
 The Mech Corps largely failed.
 The raiding forces went in and out as quickly as possible while inflicting as much damage as they could. They mostly struck smaller star systems with barely any defenses. While that meant they only caused a marginal amount of damage, the damage to everyone’s morale was enormous.
 The 3rd Imodris Legion basically terrorized the entire periphery around the Bentheim System while suffering very few losses. This changed the aspect of the current war, as the citizens of the various rural systems finally realized that even they couldn’t escape its horrors.
 The Bright Republic moved quickly to support the stricken star systems. Cloudy Curtain was no exception, as a handful of ships arrived from Bentheim to support the disaster relief and begin to rebuild some of the infrastructure on Orinoco.
 However, alongside the aid, the Republic also sent out investigators. The self-sabotage incident in Orinoco had become famous throughout the entire state overnight. The power brokers over at the capital city huddled like rats and kept their heads down in front of the ongoing investigation.
 When Ves heard about the news, he shook his head. "Whoever set those bombs aren’t stupid enough to leave any traces. Those investigators will probably spend a few weeks in Orinoco before they compile a meaningless report and go back to their fancy offices in Bentheim."
 "It doesn’t change the fact that our political opposition is completely discredited in front of the Republic." Gavin responded. While everyone mourned for the dead and started preparing for hte funerals, Gavin and the rest of the Marketing Department already started slobbering over the golden opportunity presented to the LMC. "It doesn’t matter who is ultimately responsible, they’re all made from the same cloth. The ruling coalition is finished."
 Ves nodded. Right now, the White Doves caught the most flack of all. The raid exposed their ideology as an unrealistic fantasy that did not fit at all in the brutal Age of Mechs. Many citizens of Cloudy Curtain also fingered the pacifists as the group that was most likely responsible for setting off the bombs.
 "It’s all well and good to celebrate over their misfortune, but do you have to publicly lionize our own battle so much?"
 Ves had changed his antigrav clothes into a dark, formal suit in order to attend an upcoming funeral. Over a dozen mech pilots died to defend the Mech Nursery, and he owed it to them to pay his respects.
 Thus, he found the contrast between the solemnity between the funerals and the exuberant publicizing of their success in the media to be jarring.
 It was as if the LMC danced on the graves of the fallen mech pilots in order to score some points from the public.
 "Boss, don’t let the losses think we’ve lost. In actual fact, we won. Think of how rare that is! Almost every other raid succeeded in overrunning the other rural star systems and inflicted tens of billions of credits in economic damage. The Bentheim region is bleeding, and they need to be shown a victory to prove they hadn’t let the Vesians beat them black and blue!"
 "What’s being spread on the galactic net is too slanted!"
 Right now, the LMC in cooperation with the Bright Republic’s propaganda office enthusiastically spread out footage of the battle at the walls. In particular, the Marketing Department edited the footage they released in a way that made the two gold label Blackbeaks of the Avatars of Myth the main stars of the show.
 Although their performance had been above and beyond, Ves found the manipulative editing to be a little too much. Their increased prominence came at the cost of recognizing the sacrifices of the other participants in the battle.
 "Boss, right now, nobody cares about the dead." Gavin heartlessly replied. "You just have to switch to another news portal to see, hear or read about all the tragedies Imodris has caused. In the midst of all that doom and gloom, the public needs something to cheer about. I don’t see why we can’t promote our Blackbeak models along the way as well."
 Ves eventually relented on the issue. He saw the advantages as well as anybody. Interest in the Blackbeaks exploded once again. The third-party manufacturers received an influx of new orders and the waiting list for the silver label Blackbeaks practically doubled in a matter of days.
 In the next week, Ves spent his full time on processing the aftermath of the battle. He attended the solemn funeral. He issued the payments owed to Sanyal-Ablin and the rest. He also approved plans to repair and strengthen the Mech Nursery’s defenses.
 All of that flushed down the LMC’s liquidity down the toilet. The company spent almost all of its cash to afford
 It was a good thing that the Blackbeaks gained prominence again. With the increased sales that resulted from the impromptu marketing campaign, Ves did not worry too much about the company’s financial health.
 In the end, this was what made the Mech Nursery worth defending. By continuing its operation unabated, they contributed to the war effort in their own way. Its loss would have weakened the Republic, and its preservation represented a rare ray of sunshine in the middle of the doom and gloom that followed the 3rd Imdris Legion’s daring raids.
 "What is Imodris up to now?"
 While the raids had been an astonishing success for the intrepid legion, it hadn’t actually inflicted any significant material losses. The Bright Republic’s ability to wage war hadn’t been impacted at all.
 Right now, everyone in the Bentheim region dreaded Lady Amalia. The aggressive heiress was like a poisonous snake who slithered in the back garden of their house. Any attempts to root out her presence failed. She could be hiding anywhere.
 It was a good thing that Ves had nothing to do with it. He left the headache-inducing issue to the Mech Corps and resumed his normal operations.
 Construction teams swarmed the Mech Nursery and started patching up the gap in the walls. They also filled in all the craters and restored much of the turrets that got destroyed.
 People started coming back to work, and offices started to get lively again. Down in the manufacturing floor, the mech technicians quickly restored all of the production lines and resumed their normal production.
 Ves even paid a visit to the floor and took some time to fabricate two more gold label Blackbeaks. After an expedited testing process, Ves quickly had them delivered to the Oodis Mudriders.
 Even though their performance fell a bit short in the previous battle, Ves still honored the unofficial agreement he made with Commander Husaan. Even though the Mudriders could fall into a black hole for all he cared, Ves would catch a lot of flack if word went out that he stiffed a mercenary corps.
 Mercenaries did not take kindly to anyone who withheld their payment.
 Once he took care of all of those chores, Ves left his subordinates to process the remaining issues and went back down to his private workshop floor.
 He still had a design to complete.
 As he stepped back inside his private workshop, he looked around but failed to spot Lucky’s presence. He contacted security every day, but none of them had managed to find out where he holed up.
 "I hope you’re still alright, Lucky."
 His cat should still be okay. His entire body incorporated a substantial amount of high-grade Rorach Bone. Its main trait allowed it to repair any broken or missing parts by itself. It did so by siphoning any available energy. This was a very inefficient process though, so it might take months for Lucky to become whole again.
 Ves sighed and turned back to his design. He activated a projector that displayed the progress he made so far. While he finished designing every aspect of the mech, it still looked very rough in his eyes.
 He still needed to optimize this design.
 "Let’s get to work."
 He put his rifleman mech into a variety of mathematical models and let the processors simulate the outcome of different events. The results revealed various weak points and imperfections that Ves hadn’t been aware of when he first drew up the design.
 The simulations revealed a lot problems about the laser rifle. Ves designed it in a small and compact package by incorporating an alien crystal. The interaction between the crystal and the rest of the body of the rifle did not go very smoothly.
 At the heart of it, the compatibility issues revealed that Ves did not fully understand the alien tech he incorporated into his design.
 Ves did not give up on this matter. "I can still make this work."
 Several weeks went by as he continuously iterated on his design. The rifleman mech became more polished every day, and while the problems with the crystals embedded into the chest and rifle of the mech persisted, Ves inched closer and closer to a solution.
 Sometimes, he took a break in order to get a status update on what was happening up above. Much of it sounded mundane and routine. The Bright Republic moved quickly to shore up the mood of the public, and the 3rd Imodris Legion appeared to have made themselves scarce for the time being.
 "There’s one thing you should know about, boss." Gavin said after he finished reciting the latest report. "Someone recently licensed your Blackbeak design."
 What?The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 Ever since Ves debuted the Blackbeak BP-A-01, no one showed any interest in licensing the design. The MTA valued its licensing cost at a whopping 3 billion credits. For the same amount of money, a mech manufacturer would be able to afford another mech production line.
 Therefore, no company casually licensed someone else’s design.
 "Who licensed my design?"
 "A medium mech manufacturer called Arkadis Mech Design and Production. It’s founded by Gillian Arkadis, a twenty-year old veteran in the business."
 "A woman?"
 "Yeah, and she’s an Apprentice Mech Designer as well, just like you. Some of the analysts in the business are really perplexed at her decision. She’s a proven mech designer who graduated from the Ansel University of Mech Design, is more than capable of coming up with her own designs that are substantially more polished than your own work."
 A graduate of the AUMD meant she was a true insider in the Bentheim mech industry. She wouldn’t lack for connections to obtain a favorable licensing agreement from her fellow mentors and alumni.
 Ves had been in the business long enough to know that the mech designers connected to the AUMD considered themselves to be the most foremost mech designers of the Republic.
 They often treated anyone who graduated from inferior institutions as second-class mech designers.
 They also regarded mech designers who became fortunate enough to study at a more prestigious foreign institution with a lot of wariness and apprehension. Many mech designers who originally came from the Bright Republic had forsaken their old home in favor of trying to make it big in the prosperous Friday Coalition.
 Ves happened to enjoy the rare distinction of falling into both of the fore-mentioned categories. Someone like him was something of a pariah in their circles.
 So it came as a huge surprise that an AUMD graduate like Mrs. Arkadis decided to license his latest commercial design.
 "Send me what you’ve gathered so far of Arkadis and her company."
 Gavin transferred a bunch of files to Ves, who quickly skimmed them over. He did not find anything unusual, but neither did he see any compelling reason why Arkadis would want to work with his Blackbeak.
 "All of her products so far are light mechs." Ves noted with emphasis. "She designs a large variety of landbound and aerial light mechs, but none of them have anything to do with the Blackbeak, which falls into the medium weight class. Has her company shown any indications of gearing its production lines into producing the base model?"
 "As far as we know, Arkadis Mechs is still in the process of delivering a major order to a large client. Even if they wanted to begin production immediately, they still have to work on their current backlog."
 "So we won’t know what she’s doing with my design until at least a couple of months have passed."
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 All in all, both Ves and Gavin could only scratch their heads. Ves figured that Mrs. Arkadis might have noticed the charm inherent in the Blackbeak design and wanted to figure out its secrets by working with the license.
 "Do you think she’s trying to reverse engineer your secret sauce?"
 All Ves could respond to that was wish her luck. Without any insight into the X-Factor, she had no chance of replicating his work.
 "If it’s so easy to copy my work, Elemental Mech Engineering would have already released a Striker variant of the Blackbeak."
 Ves did not forget about EME, which entered into a special licensing agreement with the LMC to produce the bronze label Blackbeaks. Ves always had the sense that Andar Neverland, the founder and chief designer of EME, wanted to do the same.
 So far, the EME hasn’t released anything of the sort even after many months of producing the bronze label mechs. This indicated that Mr. Neverland achieved nothing that was good enough to go public.
 "Keep an eye on Mrs. Arkadis and her company. It might be that she only licensed my design on behalf of someone else. Try to find out if anyone else is connected with this event."
 "Will do, boss!"
 Ves hung up after that and leaned back on his chair. No matter what, the fact that someone licensed his design under normal conditions meant that his prestige enhanced once again.
 Many mech designers constantly pumped out new designs every couple of months in the hopes that others picked them up. Entire design studios lived off this kind of business model.
 The better the designs, the more they earned. The beauty about running a mech design studio was that it cost almost nothing to design a mech. Sure, the studios had to invest in a lot of infrastructure, but the cost of setting a design studio paled in comparison to setting up a mech production plant.
 "That 3 billion credits will come in handy."
 Currently, Ves published the Blackbeak under his own name, so all off that money went into his personal accounts. Added on with the money that he already earned from other sources, Ves actually owned a lot more cash than his own company.
 Ves had plans for his money, but that could wait until he finished his current project. He hadn’t forgotten his main vocation. "I shouldn’t get too distracted by all the money flying around. It’s great that someone licensed one of my designs, but I can earn a lot more if I sell the mechs myself."
 He dove back into his work on optimizing his design. He had become very proficient at this work, so he constantly improved on his design with each subsequent iteration.
 At a certain point, every improvement only increased the performance of his rifleman mech by a fraction of a percentage point. The extra work put into further optimization wasn’t worth his time anymore, although many other mech designers disagreed.
 "I can only continue to perfect my design if I have a lot more manpower and processing capacity at my disposal."
 The LMC expanded a lot in terms of production capacity, but its research and development capabilities hadn’t progressed beyond a one-man show. The limitations of this approach really started to grate on Ves.
 Only the gimmick still showed some problems. While Ves succeeded in stabilizing the operation of the chest crystal, the one embedded into the laser rifle turned out to be a lot more finicky.
 It took him an entire week to get the laser rifle to perform up to standard. Ves spent way more time on fixing all of the bugs in his design, but it had all been worth the extra effort.
 His rifleman mech looked fast and lethal, exactly the way he liked it. Ves caught all of the major flaws that he knew of. If he wanted to, he could publish his design right now.
 He’d be a fool to do so, though.
 "I still have to fabricate a prototype."
 Even though he subjected his rifleman mech to millions of simulations, all of the modeling couldn’t compare to a single physical test.
 After making sure his design required no further tweaks as of yet, he saved its latest state and left his private workshop floor.
 He first returned to his private office above the ground to handle the paperwork that piled up in his absence. Much of it seemed routine, so Ves quickly processed the documents before calling over Jake to talk business.
 "How is the LMC?"
 "It’s still growing strong." The old man replied. "Our production is bottlenecked by our lack of production lines. I recently became informed that a fellow colleague of yours licensed the Blackbeak design."
 It was obvious what he wanted to say. Ves forestalled his words. "You want me to spend my money on another production line, is that it?"
 "The company will grow a lot faster with even one additional Benson production line. Lately, there’s a lot of demand for these machines. It takes a lot of manual labor to make some of the equipment, so there’s a waiting line of several months for their products. If you can lay down an order now, it will save us a lot of time down the road."
 His argument had a lot of merit, but Ves quickly declined the request. "I already have plans for my personal funds. For now, The LMC can fund its expansion by reinvesting its profits."
 Jake looked disappointed, but he did not have any rights to any money earned by Ves in the first place. He knew it was something of a long shot to peel money away from his boss.
 "There is another matter that needs to be discussed. The board of directors wants to convene soon to decide on a couple of important matters. Chief among them is the topic of issuing dividends."
 Ves abruptly turned his full attention on Jake. "Dividends, you say?"
 "Correct. The Larkinsons and much of the board believe that the Living Mech Corporation is past its initial growth phase. Due to the bottleneck in production and sales, our profits have stabilized as well. Short of investing in more production lines, there isn’t any other compelling reason to reinvest all of the company’s profits back into itself."
 Ves could argue the point. Just because the company’s growth had slowed didn’t mean it stopped entirely. All of the profits it saved up would eventually be spent on things that would accelerate the company’s growth.
 Still, Ves knew without Jake needing to say that the Larkinsons hungered for money. With the war going on, they needed as much as they could get in order to support the careers of the Larkinsons in active duty.
 As a Larkinson himself, Ves was sympathetic to their demands. He did not oppose the act of issuing dividends in principle, but Ves did not wish for the other shareholders to be too greedy about the matter.
 "Tell the board that I’ll be present when it next convenes." Ves nodded to Jake. "Tell them that I’m not against this suggestion, but they can forget about it if they want the LMC to hand out most of its profits to its shareholders."
 If the LMC stopped investing in new production lines and instead gave away its profits to its shareholders, then the company would become stagnant eventually reach a dead end.
 As the majority shareholder, Ves stood to earn most of the dividends, but the last thing he needed was more cash.
 After discussing these matters, Ves left his office and went back underground. This time, he entered the fabrication floor and approached Chief Cyril.
 "Chief, please schedule the Dortmund production line for my own use. I’m almost ready to fabricate the prototype of my next design."
 The chief whistled in appreciation. "You’re truly ready to move on to this stage?"
 "Do you think it’s too late? Or too soon?"
 "There is no sense of late or soon in the mech business. You’re done when you’re done. No one else can make that decision for you. Certainly, in a perfect universe, mech designers have access to an unlimited amount of resources to polish their design until it shines like a sun. But we don’t live in that universe."
 Ves agreed. "I hate to say it, but sometimes we can only make do with ’good enough’. I don’t have the resources to go much further at this point."
 They proceeded to prepare for the upcoming fabrication project. Each new design brought its own challenges. In order to minimize the chances of failure, Ves had to spend at least a couple of days of simulating the fabrication process to see whether he could nail all of the critical parts.
 He didn’t spend these extra days in vain, because Ves also had to order a substantial amount of resources unique to his second original design.
 Once the new shipment of raw materials arrived at the Mech Nursery, Ves readied himself to reproduce the design of his dreams.
 "I hope it works. I know it can work. It has to work."
 "Why can’t I get it to work?"
 Ves stood stumped in front of the 3D printer as he halted his fabrication efforts. The other mech technicians who watched from the sidelines couldn’t help him either.
 Initially, fabricating the components for the prototype went smoothly. Ves already practiced fabricating the most tricky parts, and much of the components used familiar materials employed in his other designs.
 The HRF armor plating posed no difficulty at all, although Ves found its lengthy fabrication time to be a drag. It couldn’t be helped, as the formula key draw was to refine a lot of cheap materials into effective armor plating. Transforming all of those raw materials took time that even the best machines couldn’t hurry up.
 As for the now-familiar Veltrex formula, Ves knew all of its nuances inside and out. Parts which other mech technicians might struggle with came out of the Dortmund production line with ease.
 To be sure of their integrity, Ves scanned each and every part with his Vulcaneye scanner. Even a deviation of 0.1 percent led him to scrap the entire part entirely and force him to fabricate another copy.
 Mechs could tolerate a lot of deviances, but just because Ves could clunk some sloppy parts together didn’t mean it would fly in the market. The MTA strictly certified every mech sold in the open market because they disapproved of the practice.
 Ves stuck to a higher standard, so he was even stricter to himself than the MTA.
 The only unforeseen problem came when he fabricated the two light crystals. As the gimmicks of his second original design, the crystals needed to be attention-grabbing and unique. In order to amplify their performance, Ves stretched their physical attributes to the limit of what he could make.
 The smaller crystal posed fewer problems. The main challenge with this smaller sample came when Ves tried to assemble the laser rifle. Even though it was scaled to the size of a mech, some portions required extreme precision, and that was exactly the case with the smaller crystal.
 "Still, anyone can assemble this rifle with enough practice." He determined after he fumbled around until he got the rifle to take on its intended form.
 The big crystal rested on the chest of his hunched mech. Though the mech’s posture made the crystal a bit less prominent than he originally intended, it would still be able to mitigate energy attacks from the front. Any laser beams that strayed close to the chest would partially lose their efficacy in the vicinity of this crystal.
 The problem with this big one was that it was extremely hard to reproduce. It required a perfect environment and a flawless machine in order to recreate a large enough crystal.
 It always worked when Ves practiced its fabrication in a virtual environment. He worked under perfect conditions back then. Right now, Ves already ruined his forth big crystal. He looked in dismay as the Dortmund printer spat out a huge crystal that was larger than his body but displayed a very large crack on its surface.
 "This is why you need to test out your designs for real." Chief Cyril said as he stepped forward until he stood next to Ves. "More complex mechs sometimes come with hundreds of tiny issues that aren’t apparent during the modelling phases. Especially with weird stuff like these crystals. This is alien technology, right? Those fancy models of yours probably can’t wrap their math around its attributes."
 "You have a point." Ves conceded. "The smaller crystal is close enough to what I’ve reproduced in my lab to work. This bigger one is a different story."
 He never physically fabricated a crystal of this size before. He vastly underestimated the actual difficulty involved in creating such a monstrosity. He thought it wouldn’t be so troublesome to scale up a crystal according to his current understanding of the alien crystal technology.
 Ves discretely turned his attention inward. "Can you do anything to help?"
 The spirit of the crystal golem barely communicated back. Even though it was a complete spirit, it did not retain too much knowledge from its predecessor. It retained a lot of knowledge in some fields, but possessed huge gaps in many other areas.
 "Do you think it’s a problem with my design or a problem with the working environment?"
 The chief scratched his head. "I’m not sure, but my gut tells me that reproducing the crystal is pushing beyond the limits of the capabilities of the Dortmund printer. It’s like trying to cook a traditional meal without a kitchen."
 The manufacturing of mechs and its components always centered around the design, the materials and the hardware. All three of these points needed to be satisfied in order to produce a good mech.
 Right now, Ves encountered a shortcoming in the one area which he had never really worried about before. The formidable Dortmund printer which Ves relied on to produce his mechs for the next generation started to reach its limits.
 Now that they recognized the problem, they could work on coming up with a solution.
 "Maybe you should scale back your ambitious design. Do you really have to include such a huge crystal?"
 Ves pursed his lips. "I can make some compromises on its size for the bronze and silver label variants, but the gold label mech is my poster model for this product line. It can’t under-deliver on its promises."
 "That’s the trouble with gimmicks. It all sounds well and good, but when you try to turn them into reality, you begin to realize that they’re called gimmicks for a reason. Anything that’s good enough to be included in a standard design don’t come with so many issues."
 He basically faced two options right now. Either he could scale back his gimmick, or he could try to find a workaround for his problems.
 "There shouldn’t be a problem with the concept. It’s only our hardware that’s failing us." Ves summed up. "Problems with engineering can be solved with engineering."
 Cyril snorted. "That’s easier said than done. What do you want to do? Improve the Dortmund printer? You don’t understand a thing about how it works."
 "That’s true. I’m thinking about using an entirely different approach to create the crystals. When you think about it, using a 3D printer to fabricate a crystal is like using a feather to hammer a nail. It’s the wrong tool for the job."
 The insights provided by the crystal golem revealed that his former race utilized an entirely different method to make their crystals. Human fabrication technology predominantly pieced the crystals together at an extremely microscopic level, while the extinct aliens essentially grew the crystals in a more organic manner.
 Ves could go on and on about the technical details, but the basic solution would be to imitate the alien race’s method of production by creating a customized, homebrew synthesizer.
 "Instead of making our own machines, why not buy an existing one?"
 "They won’t be tuned to create the kind of crystals I want." Ves shook his head. "I already looked it up in case I can simplify the production of the crystals. There’s no easy solution out there."
 The machines that met his standard could only be obtained from second-rate states such as the Friday Coalition. He could get his hands on a basic machine that fit his needs for the ludicrous price of 100 merits.
 He would rather make his own machine than to cough up that much merits at once.
 "Do you even know how to make your own machine?"
 "I’ve never made one before, but I already have a framework in mind. With my understanding of alien technology, I can probably kludge something together that works."
 Even if Ves specialized in designing mechs, he possessed a broad breadth of knowledge that would not lose out to any of the engineers working at equipment manufacturers like Benson Industrial Machinery.
 He only lacked practice and familiarity with industry-specific methods, but Ves had become somewhat familiar with the makeup of these kinds of machines. He personally worked on reconstructing the Dortmund printer by hand so he wasn’t working from scratch.
 "How much time and effort will this take, though?" Chief Cyril asked a very pertinent question. "If it takes a couple of months or more to design a tailor-made synthesizer, aren’t you better off with an off-the-shelf machine?"
 Ves faced a lot of time pressure as well. With everything that happened so far, the war between the two states risked becoming super-heated at any moment. Ves really wanted to finish his current design project before that happened.
 He tried to estimate how much time and effort he needed to put in the design and creation of the crystal synthesizer. "Most of the technology involved is readily available. I only need to design fabricate some custom modules in order to accommodate the alien technology. It’s going to take some time, but not that much."
 Most importantly, Ves did not intend to work by himself this time. In a project like this that fell out of his expertise, he figured that soliciting everyone’s advice couldn’t hurt.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 The entire Production Department led by the Chief and Carlos started rotating in different shifts. They looked on as Ves designed a crystal synthesizer in front of their eyes. He already had a good idea on how it should look like, but he felt much less certain about some of the details.
 He couldn’t hope for the mech technicians to understand the entire machine, but their puzzlement guided Ves into a deeper understanding of what he did. Sometimes, they pointed out a couple of faults that Ves had overlooked, which saved him a lot of time down the road.
 Five days went by as this open process continued. Both Ves and the mech technicians gained a lot out of this exchange. On the sixth day, Ves felt the crystal synthesizer’s design looked good enough to reproduce.
 "I don’t fully understand how it works, but even I can see it doesn’t come cheap." Chief Cyril spoke as he inspected the final design for anything else they overlooked. "Unlike with mechs, you can’t put it in a simulation and see whether it works."
 Ves and the LMC lacked the right mathematical models to do so. As a company that mainly produced mechs, it had no business with designing and producing its own production equipment. Ves would have to sacrifice a lot to get his hands on the right models.
 He would rather save himself the trouble and create the synthesizer on the spot. It was sloppy, but it worked.
 "I think the cost of the raw materials alone will amount to about 250 million credits."
 That was not a light sum, but the LMC could handle the cost. Ves only needed one of them in order to enable the LMC to mass produce the crystals necessary for his design.
 Ves used the Dortmund printer to fabricate the components. He then moved on to the assembler to piece the synthesizer together.
 Naturally, he did not fully rely on the machines to do all the work. For some of the more delicate components, he put them together by hand. At each step, he verified the assembly by scanning his work with his Vulcaneye. Any deviations from his design could prove costly, so Ves was very meticulous about the assembly.
 A couple of days later, a crystal synthesizer half the size of a massive industrial printer rested in the corner of the Dortmund hall. After an extensive round of checks, Ves fed the synthesizer with the necessary materials to produce a big crystal.
 After a couple of hours of work, the machine spat out a crystal with a multiple cracks on its surface.
 Ves, Carlos and Chief Cyril looked at each other in dismay.
 "Maybe it’s just some teething troubles."
 They put the synthesizer to the test and let it grow more than ten crystals in a row.
 Five of them came with enormous cracks. Three of them looked fine to the naked eye, but when they scanned the crystals, the discovered numerous micro fractures.
 Only two of the crystals met the standard.
 What now?
 "An eighteen percent success rate doesn’t sound so bad." Carlos remarked from behind. "How much does it cost to grow one of these crystals?"
 Ves quickly estimated the costs. "A couple of million credits due to all of the exotics. This specific composition is meant to be cheaper than the original substance."
 "Can we recycle the failed products?"
 They quickly investigated the failures and it turned out that salvagers could recover much of the value. It required special processes only available to professionals, so the LMC would lose a fair bit of money in the exchange.
 However, at least they wouldn’t lose tens of millions of credits on this entire endeavor.
 To Ves, that was good enough. "I don’t have the time to perfect the synthesizer. We’ll just have to make due with what we have."
 Right now, he wanted to move past this obstacle and finish assembling the prototype. The importance of finishing his rifleman mech design trumped any other considerations. He could always work on the synthesizer later.
 He set one of the flawless crystals into the only remaining cavity inside the mostly-assembled prototype. After making all of the connections, the crystal appeared to be functional, but whether it truly worked remained to be soon.
 With the installation of the central crystal, Ves only needed to wrap up a couple of matters to finish the prototype. When Ves stepped back from his completed work, he began to admire the vision he brought to life, if only partially.
 Its hunched humanoid form and mottled green-brown coating gave it a sense that it thrived out of the spotlight. It functioned great on its own, but it showed its true value when employed alongside other mechs.
 The entire frame looked sleek and slim for a medium mech, and the smaller-than-average laser rifle only reinforced that impression. The only sacrifice to this form factor was its backpack module which Ves had included by default. Without it, his rifleman mech wouldn’t be able to change its external battie.
 The entire Production Department drooled over the prototype. They knew what a monumental work it represented, and what kind of effort Ves had put into its design. Although the final design might look a bit different from this early copy, they already started imagining this mech on the field.
 How would it perform? What kind of mech pilots did this mech appeal to? Will it sell any hotter than the Blackbeak?
 "It looks like an alien."
 "That’s because it’s based on a dead race."
 The thing that creeped the mech technicians out the most was the weird head. It was basically a ball with holes spread evenly onto its surface. While that didn’t do any favors to its structural integrity, its unsettling appearance emanated a faint psychological pressure.
 Combined with the incomplete X-Factor, and anyone who gazed upon the mech would be taken aback.
 Some time later, Chief Cyril asked Ves where he wanted to put the prototype to its paces.
 "We recently worked on setting up our own testing grounds. The recent raid has pushed its completion back, but we imported enough equipment to perform at least basic tests. I think it’s best if we do the testing in-house rather than send it to the APMTG like last time."
 Sending it to a dedicated testing grounds would make sure that Ves gathered the most extensive amount of data. However, the same data might also get leaked.
 "I’m not sure the prototype even works as expected." Ves said with a sigh. "Before we proceed to the most demanding tests, we should first find out if the mech works at all. Basic testing will do for now. There’s no need to put it on a ship to Bentheim."
 Designing a rifleman mech differed a lot from designing a knight. When Ves designed the Blackbeak, he benefited from the fact that the type was one of the most mechanically simplistic mech types in existence. It featured relatively few complex systems and did not demand too much precision.
 A knight only needed to be tough and durable in order to work.
 Rifleman mechs made use of a lot more systems, all of which needed to mesh well with each other. A fault in one system might result in a knock-on effect on adjacent systems and so on. In the worst case scenario, a catastrophic fault might even lock up the entire mech in the middle of a battle.
 Therefore, Ves already readied himself for a more extensive testing phase. He planned to fabricate at least one more prototype in order to make sure his changes hadn’t proven detrimental to the design.
 "Alright, let’s bring out out to the testing grounds."
 Ves did not personally plan to attend the entire test this time. He off-loaded the work to the LMC and only made sure they measured the things he wanted to know, such as the performance of the two crystals.
 "Who shall be its test pilot?"
 Ves was tempted to call up Melkor, but figured that it might be a bit too premature for him to get familiar with his latest design. Instead, he ordered someone else from the Avatars of Myth to take up that duty instead.
 A professional testing ground employed specially trained test pilots who knew how to push their mechs to the limit without breaking them. The LMC’s testing grounds enjoyed no such luxury, but everyone made due with what they got.
 In the meantime, Ves took a rare break from his work and tried to locate Lucky. His cat hadn’t shown up at all since the raid, causing him to fret over the health of his feline companion many times.
 He figured that Lucky hadn’t gone very far from the Mech Nursery, so walked the entire perimeter with his Vulcaneye pointing down at the ground. Although it didn’t specialize in it, the multiscanner offered him the ability to sweep a wide area for specific signals.
 Ves programmed in the attributes of Rorach’s Bone and began to walk back and forth along the grounds. Although the scanner wouldn’t be able to penetrate more than a couple of kilometers underground, its current reach was much better than every other scanner in his possession.
 After half a day of searching the area close to the former gap in the walls, the Vulcaneye let out a loud beep.
 "Found you!"
 The scanner’s readout revealed a very strong signal that matched the profile of high-grade Rorach’s Bone more than one kilometer underground. Ves marked the spot and called up a digging team from the security garrison.
 The people of Sanyal-Ablin came equipped with a person-sized digger module. It started to drill through the ground by itself under the supervision of a security tech. Twenty minutes later, the digger module reached Lucky’s presumed location.
 Once the digger module climbed back up to the tunnel, it carried a very sad-looking Lucky.
 "Meow..."
 The cat had seen better days. His formerly milky-white body took on a grey and lifeless shade. His back had a nasty hole that only just started closing up with the help of the self-repairing properties of Rorach’s Bone.
 "Lucky!" Ves picked up Lucky and hugged him against his chest. "You don’t have to repair your body by yourself. Let me help!"
 Ves quickly brought Lucky’s damaged body back and tried several ways to hurry up the repair process. He fed Lucky with a bunch of exotics and attempted to transfer energy directly to his body.
 It didn’t work as well as he hoped. Somehow, Lucky couldn’t take on energy directly. He ran on something different than normal, and the only way to get it was by digesting high-value minerals.
 Feeding Lucky worked better, but the cat didn’t display much of an appetite this time. It was as if his stomach could only digest so much in his damaged state.
 "Rest well, Lucky. I hope you get back up."
 "Meow.."
 Lucky risked his life to save the Mech Nursery from destruction. Though the price was heavy, they eventually came out on top. Lucky would recover, which was more than he could say for his shield generator. With less than fifty percent charge left, Ves could ill afford another risky move.
 Thinking about the money piled up in his bank account, Ves finally decided to expand the Avatars of Myth. He tracked down Melkor at the mech stables of the Avatars. Melkor had just wrapped up a training session with his subordinates and was about to turn in for the day until he spotted Ves.
 "It’s time."
 "Time for what?"
 "Time to turn the Avatars into a full-blown fighting force. Is your cadre ready?"
 Melkor had been waiting for this day. "We still need to work on our team tactics, but we got the basic coordination down. It’s a good thing we haven’t lost any pilots from the previous battle. Fighting the Vesians head-to-head has instead boosted our esprit-de-corps. The men and women under my command already developed a sense of purpose and belonging."
 "That sounds great!" Ves replied. The more his mech pilots felt like they belonged, the more they were willing to risk their lives for him. Loyalty always took a lot of effort to foster. "In the next half year, I want the Avatars to scale up to a company-sized force. I want at least forty mechs and a matching amount of ships."
 "It’s not that easy to get our hands on some ships, and we need a no-nonsense captain to keep them under our thumb."
 "I already have a captain in mind. Don’t worry about that. I’d like to hear your opinions on what kind of ships we need to buy. Although I’m flush with cash right now, I can’t afford to splurge on a combat carrier."
 Melkor looked disappointed at that. It was the dream of every mech force to be brought from star to star with a purpose-built combat vessel. Naturally, both of them would never dream of acquiring a fleet carrier. Only entire states could afford to procure or construct such massive ships.
 Let alone the construction costs, Ves couldn’t even bear the running costs of owning a capital ship. The amount money spent on fuel, supplies, salaries and more would bankrupt him within a couple of years.
 Even the more modestly sized combat carriers fell out of consideration. At this stage, Ves relucantly let go of trying to own a well-armored ship and started to consider more modest ships.
 "With our current budget, we can consider two possible options." Melkor spoke up after some thought. "We can either go cheap and snap up a couple of old cargo haulers that have been converted to mech carriers, or we can spend a lot more to buy carriers that have been built for this purpose from the start."
 A step down from combat carriers would be the so-called light carriers. This used to be an informal designation for any private sector vessel that had been designed to convey mechs for mercenaries and the like.
 They largely featured the same civilian-grade armor as the cargo haulers, but with thicker layers. They also featured much more reinforced structure and more hardened ship components.
 All in all, light carriers formed the best choice of conveyance among the stars for a personal force like the Avatars of Myth.
 The only problem was price.
 "Those ships don’t come cheap. Even a basic one can cost a billion credits." Ves replied. He already did his research beforehand. "Compared to a beat-up cargo hauler that some shipyard rearranged into a carrier, the costs are much more generous. A fully functional one can be bought for 200 million credits, while a less reliable one can be had for fifty million credits or less."
 Prices varied wildly in terms of age, quality, model, size and more. The smallest mercenary corps often couldn’t be picky, and chose to traverse the stars with dubious-looking rust buckets akin to the Happy Jelly owned by the Whalers.
 Thinking about that old and decaying ship prompted Ves to wince. He did not wish his Avatars to ride on such awful carriers.
 "Let’s go for the light carriers. I can afford the expense, if only barely. It’s worth the investment."
 After making their choice, they started picking the right model of ships.
 Ves felt as if he turned back to three and looked at a catalogue of model starships. Even though Ves developed a love for mechs early on, he also enjoyed other marvels. What kind of kid didn’t fantasize about gallivanting across the galaxy in a modern and fully crewed starship?
 As the owner of the Barracuda, Ves enjoyed owning the sleek corvette, even if he hadn’t traveled on it all that much.
 It was the thought that counted. He could always rely on a quick getaway as long as he owned his own vessel. Many others couldn’t say the same.
 From the Age of Stars, humanity became increasingly more dependent on starships to run their entire society. A single planet could never fulfill the needs of its citizen on its own. Not in the long run.
 During the Age of Conquest, humanity aggressively developed bigger and better starships. The states that emerged during this time measured their military might against the aliens and each other by the size of their navies.
 Armed warships began to become more prolific during this time. With the development and proliferation of capital warships, weapons scaled to become more destructive as well.
 With some cannons capable of cracking entire moons, warships increasingly lost their allure and turned into objects fear.
 By the time the Age of Mechs came to pass, the Common Fleet Alliance worked hard to remove the dread and stigma associated with warships. They disappeared from the public eye, whereupon weapon-less starships began to make a comeback.
 With the ascendancy of mechs, a demand emerged for starships equipped to accommodate mechs instead of general heavy equipment. Mechs packed into standard-sized containers still fit fine in all sorts of cargo haulers and transports, but mech forces couldn’t be bothered with packing and unpacking their mechs in the middle of a warzone.
 "We need ships that can launch and retrieve mechs immediately."
 Mech carriers emerged from two different strains. Ship designers modified the classic assault carrier designs that used to convey infantry or tank units from planet to planet. Mechs required a lot more vertical space in the hangar and launch bays, so the first combat carriers quickly became very expensive.
 Since such expensive vessels was out of reach for most private sector outfits, many clever ship designers started taking old, decommissioned hulls and converted them into improvised mech carriers.
 These carriers converted from old cargo haulers and all kinds of other starships with large cargo bays didn’t seem very reliable, but they did the job without breaking the bank, and that was what mattered the most.
 Of course, Ves would not consider buying these rust buckets. He could afford something much better.
 In between converted carriers and combat carriers existed a special ship classification called light carriers. It basically took the best of the two former classes and combined them into an economic but somewhat capable ship class that was the favorite of medium and large-sized outfits everywhere.
 Ship designers utilized thick plates cheap civilian-grade ship armor and a highly reinforced internal structure and hull. This gave the light carriers a lot more resilience in direct battle, though they would never be able to withstand the amount of punishment that combat carriers could endure.
 More importantly to Ves, light carriers utilized their internal volume much more efficiently compared to converted carriers. The former had been designed from the ground up to accommodate mechs, while the latter only tacked on that feature afterwards.
 "We’re going to need two big ones or three smaller ones." Melkor stated as they sat behind a console and stared at a projection of commercial starships. "With forty mechs, give or take a few, it’s very difficult to find a good ship that can fit twenty mechs at once."
 Ves nodded next to him as he navigated through the virtual portal. He narrowed down the selection of the catalog to light carriers that fell within his budget.
 Every light carrier that fit twenty mechs cost at least more than 2 billion credits.
 Even if Ves could afford such hardware, he almost had a heart attack when he saw the prices.
 "These prices ramp up really fast! A light carrier that fits fifteen mechs only costs a bit more than 1.3 million credits right now!"
 This meant that Ves would be better off buying three smaller carriers than two bigger ones. He would have to spend at least 4 billion credits to accommodate forty mechs, but he could also pay 3.9 billion credits to fit forty-five mechs instead.
 The latter seemed like a better deal overall until he realized that he needed to pay for the upkeep of three ships instead of two.
 "Three ships allow us to bring more spare mechs or supplies, but it’s going to be difficult finding good crew for all of them at this time." Melkor noted. "You’re the boss, Ves. I’m fine with whatever you decide."
 It depended on what Ves demanded from the Avatars of Myth. He initially established them because he wanted to stop relying on other forces for protection. He wanted to command over his own force of mechs that he could rely on to accompany him through these tumultuous times.
 Ves weighed the matter and came to a decision. "I think it’s best to stick with two light carriers for now. Right now, it’s a bit too troublesome to get three new ships up-and-running in a short amount of time. These larger carriers may be bigger and more expensive, but they bring more benefits as well."
 The bigger ships not only carried more mechs, but they also offered larger workshops and cargo holds. The extra storage would especially come in handy in expeditions that involved resource extraction.
 In order to drive down the cost, the smaller carriers squeezed as much space for mechs as possible, leaving very little room for other cargo.
 "It’s a good choice in the long run." Melkor nodded. "Look at this model. The L’Aquitaine Shipyards Asperion Mark IX."
 The Asperion Mark IX cost 2.3 billion credits, but for a ship that carried twenty mechs, it came with additional bonuses above the bare models. The Asperion in particular came with powerful thrusters seemed geared for quick landings and takeoffs.
 "It’s a very good ship model when you want to deploy in an active warzone, but it’s not what I’m looking for. All of that performance comes with awful fuel economy and shorter range. It’s a good ship for warmongering mercenary corps, but I’m looking for something with more reach."
 Ves wanted a ship model that could match the extensive ship range of the Barracuda. This would help a lot if Ves ever wanted to go on a distant expedition.
 The pair browsed the catalog a little more and found another noteworthy ship model. Melkor zoomed in on the Consolidated Starship Design and Assembly’s latest light carrier, the Remar Martis ICG-7F.
 "This Remar Martis has the best range out of the list. It’s incredibly fuel efficient and comes with larger fuel tanks as well. While it won’t be able to match the Barracuda’s reach completely, it definitely comes close."
 "Hmmm..." Ves mused as he inspected the specs. "The range is good, but I can’t say the same for everything else."
 "You’re right. I wouldn’t bring the Remar Martis anywhere near a fight."
 The ship designers working for CSDA prioritized range and fuel economy over protection and cargo space. That might not sound so bad, but the ship cost 2.7 billion credits, which was way too overpriced in his eyes.
 As a mech designer by profession, he could recognize when he was being ripped off. CSDA marketed the Remar Martis for its range and fuel economy, but in truth it didn’t cost that much to produce this model.
 Just with mechs, armor cost the most of all. No matter how sophisticated the engine and other internal components, they didn’t cost nearly as much as an extra layer of armor plating.
 "Let’s look for ships with balanced specs. I think every aspect is important."
 He wasn’t stupid enough to pick a perfectly balanced ship. Boring ship models like that compromised on anything. Ves still sought a ship with more extensive range, but not at the cost of everything else.
 After an hour of scouring through the catalog, they came across an uncommon ship model from an obscure foreign shipyard that exported its products to the Republic.
 The KSG Naval Works Trieste TRLC-343 fit all of their criteria. The model possessed a generous range while managing to avoid skimping on armor and cargo space. However, the light carrier was a little larger than most, and came with a pretty high price tag of 2.6 billion dollars each.
 Ves fell in love with the Trieste designs. The smooth curved contours of the ship complimented the sleek Barracuda, and the ship came with the biggest workshop compartment he had ever seen.
 "The cost is a little much, but I can afford them if I want to. What do you think, Melkor?"
 "I’m fine if you want something cheaper. The capabilities of the TRLC-343 look very good, but we can still opt for three smaller carriers if you want to save on money."
 Ves shook his head. "This is an investment for the future. I think it’s a mistake to skimp out on something as good as this. Let’s make this our first choice."
 The Trieste seemed really good, but a couple of other models came close while demanding a bit less money. With a selection of five different ship models, Ves decided to make his selection and place an order later.
 "Let me first send this list to Captain Silvestra. As a ship captain herself, she might be able to point out shortcomings that we haven’t spotted."
 It would be a mistake to base a major purchase on the spec sheets alone. As Ves very well knew, many qualities of a product simply couldn’t be fit into a set of numbers.
 After he sent a brief to the captain of the Barracuda, Ves and Melkor moved on to expanding their roster of mechs.
 "If I decide to place an order for two Trieste-class light carriers, I won’t have enough money left to acquire thirty-one mechs at once. Not if I want to leave some room for upkeep."
 Even with his recent windfalls, Ves did not earn all that much in a personal capacity. He drew practically no salary from the LMC as the founder, CEO and chairman of his own company, mainly because he never bothered to do anything about it. Even if he decided to open the dividend spigot in the next board meeting, Ves still came up short.
 Melkor showed his understanding. "The Avatars of Myth doesn’t need forty mechs at once. It will take time to find some promising recruits and train them to a level where they can be of use. I would much prefer it if you place an order for those carriers as soon as possible, because shipyards tend to take a long time to assemble and deliver them to their customers if they’re made to order."
 "You’re right. The Trieste is made to order. Right now, KSG Naval Works has a waiting list of four months."
 Ves held a lot of money, but it seemed that he always found himself penniless after another bout of spending.
 "That’s the price of power in this galaxy." Melkor said. His lips curled up in a rueful smile. "Small figures like me can’t even dream about spending this kind of cash. I really envy you, Ves. Between piloting mechs and designing them, I would have gone for the latter if I knew you could earn this much money."
 "Hahahaha!" Ves couldn’t control himself and laughed. "That’s the funniest thing I’ve ever heard. I used to dream about becoming nothing more than a mech pilot!"
 Both of them chuckled at each other. They both knew that they weren’t entirely serious.
 Ves achieved much more as a mech designer than he would ever achieve as a mech pilot. Melkor was a true Larkinson who could keep a cool head on the battlefield, but wouldn’t know what to do in the workshop or behind the counter of a store.
 "I have a good feeling about the Trieste. They’re pricey, but they’re also beasts. It’s best to invest in them early in order to get them ready for anything that can happen in the future."
 "You’re the one who’s paying, Ves. Just keep in mind that most outfits don’t spend nearly as much money on a pair of ships."
 Ves returned to his penthouse office after finishing his discussions on expanding the Avatars of Myth. Considering the vast nature of their current expansion, it wasn’t possible to expand their fighting strength to forty mechs within six months.
 "It will probably take a year, if not more." He guessed. "These things take time."
 If he wanted to, he could hire a mercenary corps instead, but that would be a huge mistake. They only ever cared about themselves. By establishing his own outfit, Ves would be certain that its power belonged to him and no one.
 He threw himself back to his work. With the prototype still undergoing tests at the nearby testing grounds, Ves wanted to take care of any other matters that he neglected as of late. He turned on his terminal and went through the recent reports sent in his direction.
 "Local politics, bah."
 The self-bombing incident of Orinoco provoked an enormous amount of outrange. If the citizens of Cloudy Curtain seemed mad, then the rest of the Republic were absolutely head-over-heels about this incident. If not for the valiant defense at the Mech Nursery, the reputation of the entire planet would have already plummeted to the bottom.
 Ves briefly skimmed the recent events. The investigators from Bentheim hadn’t found any proof that led to the ones responsible for the devastation, but that didn’t help the White Doves very much. Everyone pretty much assumed they did it because it fit their ideology the best.
 Naturally, the spokespersons of the pacifists vehemently denied the accusations, but even their strongest supporters started to waver. The White Doves went into full crisis mode in order to stem the bleeding. Whether they would survive at the end of the day or not, nobody knew.
 "They survived this far without any problem. I don’t believe they can be felled by a single crisis."
 Many citizens still wanted nothing to do with the war and the wider galaxy. The recent horrors taught some people that they couldn’t bury their heads in the sand, but it prompted even more people to bury their heads even deeper.
 In her report, Calsie predicted that the White Doves would eventually find their footing with the radicals among their circle.
 What this meant for Cloudy Curtain as a whole, neither Ves nor Calsie didn’t dare to make any predictions. One thing was for sure. The LMC’s influence had reached new heights. On both an economic and societal level, the company became a steady fixture in the minds of everyone who lived on the rural planet.
 That wasn’t too shabby for a company founded around two years ago.
 Ves turned back to his paperwork and went through all the other reports. The company’s financial picture looked better than before. All of the recent spending put the company’s financial health in a dangerous position for a time, but the LMC quickly climbed out of the hole with the help of increased demand for bronze label Blackbeaks.
 People bought them because they admired the battle footage of the two gold label Blackbeaks. The Marketing Department’s excessive promotion seemed to be in poor taste to Ves, but the public couldn’t get enough.
 Since gold and silver label Blackbeaks were hard to get, buyers turned instead to the third-party manufacturers to get a quick fix. EME even instituted a waiting list again as they received an unanticipated influx of orders.
 Vaun Industrial also enjoyed a small boost in sales, though the effect was much less pronounced. Foreigners didn’t care too much about the Bright-Vesia Wars. Anyone watching the generational conflict from the sidelines thought that nothing substantial happened during these wars because the border between the two states never shifted very much after the end of each war.
 "Countless mechs are destroyed and hundreds of thousands of mech pilots die in each and every war. The stars will be dyed with blood by the time this latest war will end."
 When Ves read the reports, he spotted signs of an impending mobilization order. The Bright Republic had only switched to half a war footing right now. They hadn’t mobilized nearly as much manpower and assets as they could have because it took time to organize everything.
 So instead, the Bright Republic stretched out the process in multiple steps. Right now, the reports suggested that the Mech Corps had almost finished mobilizing what could be brought to bear within the short-term.
 In the first wave, they would certainly call up a large number of reservists, including many mech designers. Many of them would move on to supporting the Mech Corps in the rear but close to the frontlines.
 Ves believed that a mech designer like him escaped that fate. Someone of his stature would probably be called up the second wave, which would happen a little later but was not too long away.
 "I have to publish my rifleman mech design before that happens. Even among mech designers, there’s a large difference between those who published a single commercially successful design compared to those who published more."
 Publishing multiple successful designs enhanced his prestige, which improved his odds of landing a cozy assignment. It could mean the difference between mindless number crunching to actual design work.
 Ves tentatively resolved to complete his design within a month, which actually shortened his time to a few weeks because his design also had to go through the MTA’s validation process.
 "There’s barely enough time for me to squeeze in another prototype."
 He already had to hurry up the process and cut some corners in order to finish his second design in a reasonable time frame.
 Several days went by as Ves reacquainted himself with his company. Besides holing up in his office, he also held meetings with the heads of each department. Ves got a much better picture of the current state of the LMC after listening to the people in charge of its various aspects.
 All of them made some early preparations for the coming release of the company’s second product line. The market for rifleman mechs was very competitive, so the Marketing Department carried the heaviest burden of all.
 "Are you confident you can drum up demand for my second design?" Ves asked Gavin.
 "Oh, it’s dead easy as long as your design performs within expectation. We can sell a dead rat as long as it has some good points!"
 Gavin’s words reminded Ves that his design might not match the expectations placed upon it. Even as he fabricated the prototype, Ves got a sense that the mech had been a little discordant.
 At the end of the testing period, the results finally came in. Ves received an extensive written report along with countless logs and a lot of recordings. Carlos, who had been supervising the test, visited Ves in his office in person.
 "I can already tell on the look on your face that the news isn’t good."
 "The prototype is largely sound, except for one annoying aspect."
 "Let me guess. It’s the gimmicks, right?"
 "Exactly so." Carlos confirmed as he manipulated the projector to display a recording of a couple of firing tests. "As you can see here, we got the rifle to work after a bit of kludging. We rearranged some of its internal components to get it to work, but at we can get the weapon to work."
 Ves nodded. "I’ll be sure to study the modifications you’ve done to make it work. How did the big crystal fare?"
 "The center crystal is a bust." His old friend bluntly stated. "Oh, don’t misunderstand, we got some things to work, such as the ability to draw in energy. It’s the discharge that’s the issue."
 "Lay it out on me, Carlos. I can take it."
 "There are three major problems with the big crystal. First, it’s output isn’t steady. Sometimes it released a trickle, other times it dumps its entire capacity at once."
 "So the control module I’ve attached to the crystal doesn’t work?"
 "It might as well be a piece of scrap! It’s existence doesn’t make any difference!"
 "Noted. What else is wrong?"
 "Well, our next problem with the chest crystal is we can’t aim the light beam at all. The firing angle changes with each discharge. Sometimes, the beam goes high. Sometimes, it goes sideways. Other times, it goes low. Only rarely does the beam go straight and parallel to the ground."
 Ves began to frown. "This is something else that the control module is supposed to take care of. Have you checked whether it worked at all?"
 "We inspected it more than twenty times! All of the hardware works! It’s just that the crystal outfight ignores its signals for some reason."
 "Okay. The third problem then. What else is there?"
 "Well, the final issue is a fundamental design flaw more than a mechanical problem. You see, if the crystal released the beam at a straight angle, the hunch of the frame makes it difficult to aim it forward or upwards. The mech has to bend its upper body backwards in order to discharge the beam anywhere else but the ground. The test pilot told us that it’s a huge tell that largely defeats the purpose of having a center crystal."
 Ves already understood that point when he made those design choices. Even though his vision for his mech had changed to imitate the posture of the crystal builders, he didn’t regret the choice.
 "This also ties in with the control module. If it worked as it’s supposed to, it allows the mech to fire a beam from the chest at the right angle. While that doesn’t help too much if the mech pilot wants to shoot at something in the air, it should be fine on level terrain."
 All of these major problems came down to the control module. For some reason, it didn’t work the way it was supposed to. Ves scratched his head and tried to figure out why. It wasn’t anything complex and Ves triple-checked each part that made up the control module, so he hadn’t screwed it up.
 There was something more fundamental in play. Ves found it strange that the control module worked perfectly in the simulations, but did nothing when he reproduced a physical copy."
 Carlos continued to fill in Ves of all the pertinent information. Besides the malfunctioning gimmicks, the rest of the mech moved fast and smooth. According to the test pilot, it was the most comfortable rifleman mech he had ever piloted in his career.
 "I don’t get it." He said. "Your rifleman mech is mechanically sound and strong on its own if you leave out the gimmicks. That modified laser rifle of yours isn’t really necessary either. Sure, it cuts down on total weight, but it’s much easier to grab a readily available laser rifle than to supply a custom-built one for this model. Why bother with these crystals at all?"
 That was a difficult question, especially in light of all the difficulties Ves faced in trying to get it to work.
 Ves knocked his fist against the table. "No matter how troublesome it can be to integrate the gimmicks in my mech, the end product should be worth it. Mech design isn’t all about the basics. The market expects more from us. Sure, I can publish a rifleman mech design without any bells and whistles right now if I wanted to, but what will that get me? Nothing!"
 "The performance of your mech isn’t that bad!"
 "It’s not good enough! Not if we compare it to the best on the market! That gimmick that you find so troublesome is our secret weapon and our only hopes of obtaining a share of the market."
 Carlos sighed and crossed his arms. "You’re too emotionally committed to this idea of including this toy into your mech. I know what’s going on. You stumbled upon some fancy alien technology one day, and the first thing you do is try to find a way to add it to your next design. That’s fine if you can get it to work, but who can tell if you are wasting countless of hours on a feature that will never meet our expectations?"
 He laid out a very important question. In his eyes, Ves fell into the sunk cost fallacy. He was like a gambler who lost an early bet, but kept making bad bets one after another in order to recoup his earlier losses.
 Unforeseen problems always popped up during a design process. Ves previously did his best to minimize inexplicable conundrums by never working with technology beyond his means.
 For his first original design, he deliberately chose to start with a knight mech because it was one of the most mechanically simple type of mechs available. Stepping up to a rifleman mech which featured a lot more systems interacting with each other meant that the chances of something going wrong went up.
 "I’m not going to draw back because of a single setback." Ves responded to Carlos. "Sure, I can make do without the gimmicks and publish the as is with a couple of touch-ups. But what does that say about me and my approach to designing mechs?"
 "That you’re safe?"
 "Safe is boring! Safe doesn’t drive any sales! The strongest maxim in the mech industry is that it’s better to publish a mech with flaws but is extremely good at some aspect than to publish an all-round mech with nothing that stands out!"
 "This is different than that, Ves! You’re not talking about a flaw that can be worked around, but an outright failure of a core feature! What are you going to do with a crystal that’s a dud?"
 Ves faced a lot of pressure to discard the gimmick, but he believed it would be a mistake to do so. It was better not to publish his design at all than to leave it out. The crystal formed a core part of its identity since Ves initially set out his vision for his design.
 Certainly, the huge amount of time he spent on incorporating this feature also played a factor. He spent so much time on it already that it would be an awful shame to discard his previous work.
 Just like gamblers who threw away good money after bad, Ves maintained his confidence that he could overcome this setback in time. He was honest enough to know that he might be digging a deeper hole for himself, but he just couldn’t stop at this point.
 Ves waited for the prototype to return to be shipped to the private workshop, upon which he scoured its entire frame. Almost every part held in place and performed within expectations. Even the control module appeared to be in working order.
 It just didn’t work.
 "Why not?" Ves scratched his head while furrowing his brows.
 In order to test out his suspicions, he removed the control module from the prototype and began to connect it to some of the smaller crystals he hosted in his labs. After adjusting some of the settings in the control module, the connected crystal responded perfectly according to the commands that Ves sent out.
 "That’s strange."
 The control module worked with smaller crystals but not the bigger one. From what he determined so far, the problem didn’t lie in the control module, but instead the bigger crystal.
 "Maybe it’s defective as well?"
 Ves brought in the second large crystal that his homebrew synthesizer produced without flaws and tested out the same connection.
 Again, it didn’t work.
 "Both of these crystals are flawless. They shouldn’t differ from the crystals in the simulations at all?"
 So what went wrong with these crystals? He started to perform numerous tests, and found a clue when he observed what happened to the signal being sent out by the control module. The signal seemed to disappear into nowhere once it entered the big crystals.
 "I see what’s going on."
 These alien crystals reacted strangely to certain input, and it must have treated the incoming signal as an energy source. The crystal subsequently absorbed the signal, preventing it from issuing commands.
 "Still, how can I solve this problem?"
 Ves didn’t understand why the smaller crystals properly recognized the signal while the bigger ones treated it as an energy source. He must have overlooked something very substantial when he initially scaled up the crystals through extrapolation.
 "Maybe I need to scale up the properties of the signal as well."
 He proceeded to tinker with the control module and set it to send out a variety of different signals. He increased and decreased its frequency, amplitude, duration and etcetera, only to come up with the same fruitless result.
 "There’s something about this supersized crystal that turns it into something completely different than its smaller varieties."
 Experimenting with signals hadn’t brought him any closer to a solution, so Ves took a step back and tried to approach the problem from a different angle. Right now, a major discrepancy existed between simulation and reality.
 A mathematical model that tried to approach reality could never imitate all of its facets. Ves knew that. He suspected that some obscure effect not baked in the models played a key role in the inability for the crystal to process the signals.
 Ves proceeded to compare the data from reality and simulation and tried to spot all of the differences.
 "There’s too many differences."
 The datasets differed too drastically for him to make any sense where the problem lied. Ves had to manually comb through each discrepancy. It was like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
 The work bored him a lot, and Ves hadn’t been able to pin down the reasons why these differences appeared. He knew too little about how reality worked. Not even a Master Mech Designer dared to claim something similar.
 "This might not be the right approach."
 Maybe he should turn to help. There wasn’t anything preventing him from calling someone knowledgeable to help him out of this fix. Ves considered sending a message to Master Olson or Horatio, her assistant.
 "What will that do for their impression of me if I walk up to them like a child who lost his toy?"
 Ves felt very reluctant to call for help for something he should be capable of solving on his own. To do otherwise was to admit that he had overreached.
 He turned to the crystal golem whose spirit lingered in his mind. The crystal golem largely stayed quiet these last few days.
 "Can you help me out? What does your understanding of crystals tell you?"
 The crystal golem responded lethargically, as if it didn’t have much of a clue either. However, it did take the initiative to send out an impression of a crystal cube to Ves.
 "The crystal cube?" Ves remembered that the crystal golem had taken over his body and used its control over it to synthesize a strange crystal cube. He couldn’t figure out its purpose, so he put it in the vault. "What is that cube supposed to do?"
 The crystal golem released the mental equivalent of a shrug. Its spotty memory didn’t cover that area. All the spirit knew was that the crystal cube was a very important device to the crystal builders.
 Curious, Ves decided to retrieve the strange object. He left the labs and entered a highly secure elevator that brought him down to the vault floor. After going through an extensive round of checks, he entered the vault and opened up the safe that held the cube.
 As he pulled it out, he stared at its transparent shape under the light. "Is this a weapon? A processor? Or something else?"
 The crystal golem built it for a reason, and Ves believed that it played a very important role somehow. He spent the next couple of hours trying to get it to reveal its secrets. He connected it to all kinds of devices and sent all kinds of signals at it, only to come up with nothing.
 Even knocking at it with physical force failed to elicit a response. The cube behaved similar to the bigger crystal but it proved to be even more inscrutable.
 After trying every trick in the book, Ves placed the cube against the surface of the big crystal on a whim.
 Things suddenly started happening. Both crystals started lightning up from the inside. Ves almost dropped the cube, but he kept his hold on it as it interacted with the other crystal. From the sensor readouts, Ves quickly figured out that the circuits embedded into the structure of the crystals had become active for some reason.
 The entire process took about three minutes to fizzle out. Both crystals turned inert and nothing Ves tried out could replicate the process.
 "Maybe it works with other crystals as well?"
 When Ves pressed the cube against the other big crystal, the pair started lightning up as well. They remained active for the exact amount of time before turning back to an inert state.
 "Curious."
 Ves proceeded to push the crystal cube against the smaller crystals as well. This caused the pair to light up, but for a much briefer amount of time. When Ves plotted the data, the formula was relatively straight forward. The larger the volume, the more time the process dragged on.
 "This is all very interesting, but what has happened?"
 He noticed an immediate difference when he resumed his basic tests. The big crystal no longer ate up incoming signals, but began to process them properly. Its internal circuits appeared to be following different instructions this time that made them compatible to this control method.
 More than that, many other parameters improved as well, though not more than ten percent in any single area. This held true for each crystal no matter the size.
 By now, Ves slowly understood the purpose of the crystal cube, if only one of them. "This is a key. It’s a catalysts that unlocks the true potential of the crystals.
 It had to do with the circuits embedded in the structure. From the scans he made, Ves noticed that the crystals hadn’t changed, but the energy running through the circuits followed different paths.
 In truth, there was much about the circuits that Ves did not understand. Even now, only a fraction of the total circuits ever did anything.
 "I think I solved my problem now."
 Ves set out to resolve the problem with the chest crystals and succeeded in coming up with a solution. While Ves did not prefer to become dependent on a single object, he had no other alternatives for the time being.
 The crystal cube was unique and formed the key in getting the most important gimmick to work. From another perspective, its uniqueness was a good thing. It meant that others wouldn’t be able to replicate his gimmicks without creating something similar to the unique cube.
 Good luck with that.
 The advantages became more clear to Ves, and he grinned when he realized he possessed a monopoly on something. "Only my gold label rifleman mechs will enjoy these extravagantly-sized crystals. Every other variant will have to make do without this capability."
 The bronze and silver label versions would only hold crystals only half as large or smaller. Ves hadn’t determined the threshold where the control module’s signals ceased to work on a crystal.
 With a clear direction in front of him, Ves wrapped up his experiments and embedded the big crystal back in its socket on the chest of the prototype. He also took aside the laser rifle and partially disassembled it in order to activate it with the crystal cube as well.
 After that, he spent a couple of days making minor adjustments to the rest of the frame. Ves hadn’t let the problems with the gimmicks distract him from the other shortcomings.
 In order to save some time, Ves decided not to fabricate a second prototype, but make his modifications on the design on the spot. While it was a bit more troublesome to change the shape and configuration of an existing mech, he still managed to accomplish most of what he wanted to do.
 As for the rest, Ves went back to the Dortmund production line to fabricate the remaining replacement parts. After a brief assembly, the minutely-improved prototype was ready to be sent to the testing grounds again.
 Chief Cyril and Carlos looked perplexed when Ves informed them that he solved the problem with the chest crystal.
The chapters is up by N0vEI__bin
 "You still don’t understand anything about these crystals. Is it really safe to go through with using them?" Carlos asked.
 "I think the risks are manageable." Ves confidently replied. "I’ve tried almost everything to get those inactive circuits to work, but nothing happened. While there’s a risk they’ll activate in the middle of a battle and do something strange, I don’t think it will happen very often."
 Although it sounded as if he was content to include a ticking time bomb in his design, Ves believed it would take an extraordinary impulse to elicit a strange reaction. In those conditions, the rest of the mech might already be trashed before the crystal could do something strange.
 "Let’s get through the tests as fast as possible so I can make my final tweaks on my design!"